
Last Exit to Brooklyn

Hubert Selby, Jr.

Copyright 1957, 1960, 1961, 1964 ISBN:
0-8021-3137-9 

This book is dedicated, with love, to Gil.

— = -- —
Part I Another
Day Another Dollar

For that which befalleth the sons of
men befalleth beasts;  even one thing
befalleth them: as the one dieth, so dieth
the other; yea, they have all one breath;
so that a man hath no preeminence
above a beast: for all is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 3:19
THEY sprawled along the counter and on the chairs.
Another night. Another drag of a night in the Greeks, a beatup all
night diner near the Brooklyn Armybase. Once in a while a doggie or
seaman came in for a hamburger and played the jukebox. But they
usually played some goddam hillbilly record. They tried to get the
Greek to take those records off, but hed tell them no. They come in
and spend money. You sit all night and buy notting. Are yakiddin me
Alex? Ya could retire on the money we spend in here. Scatah. You dont
pay my carfare . . .

24 records on the jukebox. They could have any 12
they wanted, but the others were for the customers from the Base. If
somebody played a Lefty Frazell record or some other shitkicker they
moaned, made motions with their hands (man! what a fuckin square) and
walked out to the street. 2 jokers were throwing quarters in so they
leaned against the lamppost and carfenders. A warm clear night and
they walked in small circles, dragging the right foot slowly in the
hip Cocksakie shuffle, cigarettes hanging from mouths, collars of
sport-shirts turned up in the back, down and rolled in front.
Squinting. Spitting. Watching cars roll by. Identifying them. Make.
Model. Year. Horse power. Overhead valve. V-8. 6, 8, a hundred
cylinders. Lots a horses. Lots a chrome. Red and Amber grill lights.
Yasee the grill on the new Pontiac? Man, thats real sharp. Yeah, but
a lousy pickup. Cant beat a Plymouth fora pickup. Shit. Cant hold the
road like a Buick. Outrun any cop in the city with a Roadmaster. If
ya get started. Straightaways. Turns. Outrun the law. Dyna-flows.
Hydramatics. Cant get started. Theyd be all overya before ya got a
block. Not in the new 88. Ya hit the gas and it throwsya outta the
seat. Great car. Aint stealin nothin else anymore. Greatest for a
job. Still like the Pontiac. If I was buyin a car. Put fendei skirts
on it, grill lights, a set a Caddy hubcaps and a bigass aerial in the
rear. . . . shit, thats the sharpest job on the road. Your ass.
Nothin can touch the 47 Continental convertible. Theyre the end. We
saw one uptown the other day. What-a-fuckin-load. Man!!! The
shitkickers still wailed and they talked and walked, talked and
walked, adjusting their shirts and slacks, cigarettes flipped into
the street—ya shoulda seen this load. Chartreuse with white walls.
Cruise around in a load like that with the top down and a pair of
shades and some sharp clothes and ya haveta beat the snatch off witha
club— spitting after every other word, aiming for a crack in the
sidewalk; smoothing their hair lightly with the palms of their hands,
pushing their d a/s gently and patting them in place, feeling with
their fingertips for a stray hair that may be out of place and not
hanging with the proper effect— ya should see the sharp shirts they
got in Obies. That real great gab-adine. Hey, did yadig that sharp
silverblue sharkskin suit in the window? Yeah, yeah. The onebutton
single breasted job with the big lapels—and whats to do on a night
like this. Just a few drops of gas in the tank and no loot to fill it
up. And anyway, wheres to go—but yagotta have a onebutton lounge.
Ya wardrobe aint complete without one. Yeah, but I dig that new shawl
job. Its real sharp even as a sports jacket—the con rolled on and
no one noticed that the same guys were saying the same things and
somebody found a new tailor who could make the greatest pants for 14
skins; and how about the shockabsorbers in the Lincoln; and they
watched the cars pass, giving hardlooks and spitting; and who laid
this broad and who laid that one; and someone took a small brush from
his pocket and cleaned his suede shoes then rubbed his hands and
adjusted his clothing and someone else flipped a coin and when it
dropped a foot stamped on it before it could be picked up and as he
moved the leg from the coin his hair was mussed and he called him a
fuck and whipped out his comb and when his hair was once more neatly
in place it was mussed again and he got salty as hell and the other
guys laughed and someone elses hair was mussed and they shoved each
other and someone else shoved and then someone suggested a game of
mum and said Vinnie should start and they yelled yeah and Vinnie said
whatthefuck, hed start, and they formed a circle around him and he
turned slowly jerking his head quickly trying to catch the one
punching him so he would replace him in the center and he was hit in
the side and when he turned he got hit again and as he spun around 2
fists hit him in the back then another in the kidney and he buckled
and they laughed and he jerked around and caught a shot in the
stomach and fell but he pointed and he left the center and just stood
for a minute in the circle catching his wind then started punching
and felt better when he hit Tony a good shot in the kidney without
being seen and Tony slowed down and got pelted for a few minutes then
finally pointed and Harry said he was fullashit, he didnt really see
him hitim. But he was thrown in the center anyway and Tony waited and
hooked him hard in the ribs and the game continued for another 5
minutes or so and Harry was still in the center, panting and almost
on his knees and they were rapping him pretty much as they pleased,
but they got bored and the game broke up and they went back in the
Greeks, Harry still bent and panting, the others laughing, and went
to the lavatory to wash.

They washed and threw cold water on their necks and
hair then fought for a clean spot on the dirty apron that served as a
towel, yelling through the door that Alex was a no good fuck for not
havin a towel forem, then jockeyed for a place in front of the
mirror. Eventually they went to the large mirror at the front of the
diner and finished combing their hair and fixing their clothes,
laughing and still kidding Harry, then sprawled and leaned.

The shitkickers left and they yelled to Alex to get
some music on the radio. Why dont you put money in the jukebox? Then
you hear what you want. Comeon man. Dont be a drag. Why dont you get
a job. Then you have money. Hey, watch ya language. Yeah, no cursin
Alex. Go get a job you no good bums. Whos a bum. Yeah, who? They
laughed and yelled at Alex and he sat, smiling, on a small stool at
the end of the counter and someone leaned over the counter and turned
the radio on and spun the dial until a sax wailed and someone yelled
for service and Alex told him to go to hell, and he pounded on the
counter for service and Alex asked if he wanted ham and eggs and he
told Alex he wouldnt eat an egg here unless he saw it hatched and
Alex laughed, Scatah, and walked slowly to the coffee urn and filled
a cup and asked if he was going to buy everybody coffee and they
laughed and Alex told them to get a job, you all the time hang around
like bums. Someday you be sorry. You get caught and you wont be able
to drink this good coffee. COFFEE!!! Man this is worse than piss. The
dishwater upstate tastes betteran this. Pretty soon maybe you be
drinking it again. Yourass I will. I should report you. Then Id have
some peace and quiet. Youd die without us Alex. Whod protect ya from
the drunks? Look at all the trouble we saveya. You boys are going to
get in trouble. You see. All the time fuckaround. Ah Alex. Dont talk
like that. Ya make us feel bad. Yeah man. Ya hurt our feelings....

Alex sat on his stool smoking and smiling and they
smoked and laughed. Cars passed and some tried to identify them by
the sound of the motor then looked to see if they were right, raising
their shoulders and swaggering back to their seats if they were.
Occasionally a drunk came in and they would yell to Alex to get up
off his ass and serve the customer or tell the guy ta getthehell out
before he was poisoned with Alexs horsemeat and coffee and Alex would
pick up the dirty rag and wipe off the spot in front of the drunk and
say yes sir, what you want, and theyd want to know why he didnt call
them sir and Alex would smile and sit on his stool until the drunk
finished and then walk slowly back, take the money, ring it up then
back to his stool and tell them they should be quiet, you want to
scare good customers away, and Alex would laugh with them and spit
the cigarette butt out of his mouth and turn his shoe on it; and the
cars still passed and the drunks still passed and the sky was clear
and bright with stars and moon and a light breeze was blowing and you
could hear the tugs in the harbor chugging and the deep ooooo from
their whistles floated across the bay and rolled down 2nd avenue and
even the ferrys mooring winch could be heard, when it was quiet and
still, clanging a ferry into the slip . . . and it was a drag of a
night, beat for loot and they flipped their cigarettes out the doors
and walked to the mirror and adjusted and combed and someone turned
up the volume of the radio and a few of the girls came in and the
guys smoothed the waist of their shirts as they walked over to their
table and Rosie grabbed Freddy, a girl he laid occasionally, and
asked him for a halfabuck and he told her to go fuckerself and walked
away and sat on a stool. She sat beside him. He talked with the guys
and every few minutes she would say something, but he ignored her.
When he moved slightly on his stool she started to get up and when he
sat down she sat. Freddy stood, adjusted his pants, put his hands in
his pockets and slowly walked out the door and strolled to the
corner. Rosie walked 6 inches to his right and 6 inches to his rear.
He leaned against the lampost and spit past her face. Youre worse
than a leech. A leech yacan get rid of. You dont go for nothin. Dont
bullshit me ya bastard. I know yascored for a few bucks last night.
Whats that to you? and anyway its gone. I aint even got a pack of
cigarettes. Dont tell me. I aint ya father. Ya cheap motherfucka! Go
tell ya troubles to jesus and stop breakin my balls. I/ll break ya
balls ya rotten bastard, trying to kick him in the groin, but Freddy
turned and lifted his leg then slapped her across the face.

Three drunken rebel soldiers were going back to the
Base after buying drinks for a couple of whores in a neighborhood bar
and were thrown out when they started a fight after the whores left
them for a couple of seamen. They stopped when they heard Rosie shout
and watched as she staggered back from the slap, Freddy grabbing her
by the neck. Go giter little boy. Hey, dont chuall know youre not to
fuck girls on the street.... They laughed and yelled and Freddy let
go of Rosie and turned and looked at them for a second then yelled at
them to go fuck their mothers, ya cottonpickin bastards. I hear shes
good hump. The soldiers stopped laughing and started crossing the
street toward Freddy. We/ll cut yur niggerlovin heart out. Freddy
yelled and the others ran out of the Greeks. When the doggies saw
them they stopped then turned and ran toward the gate to the Base.
Freddy ran to his car and the others jumped in and on the fenders or
held on to the open doors, and Freddy chased the doggies down the
street. Two of them continued running toward the gate, but the third
panicked and tried to climb over the fence and Freddy tried to squash
him against it with the car but the doggie pulled his legs up just
before the car bumped the fence. The guys jumped off the fender and
leaped on the doggies back and yanked him down and he fell on the
edge of the hood and then to the ground. They formed a circle and
kicked. He tried to roll over on his stomach and cover his face with
his arms, but as he got to his side he was kicked in the groin and
stomped on the ear and he screamed, cried, started pleading then just
cried as a foot cracked his mouth, Ya fuckin cottonpickin punk, and a
hard kick in the ribs turned him slightly and he tried to raise
himself on one knee and someone took a short step forward and kicked
him in the solarplexus and he fell on his side, his knees up, arms
folded across his abdomen, gasping for air and the blood in his mouth
gurgled as he tried to scream, rolled down his chin then spumed forth
as he vomited violently and someone stomped his face into the pool of
vomit and the blood whirled slightly in arcs and a few bubbles
gurgled in the puke as he panted and gasped and their shoes thudded
into the shiteatinbastards kidneys and ribs and he groaned and his
head rolled in the puke breaking the arching patterns of blood and he
gasped as a kick broke his nose then coughed and retched as his
gasping sucked some of the vomit back in his mouth and he cried and
tried to yell but it was muffled by the pool and the guys yells and
Freddy kicked him in the temple and the yellowbastards eyes rolled
back and his head lolled for a moment and he passed out and his head
splashed and thumped to the ground and someone yelled the cops and
they jammed back into and on the car and Freddy started to turn but
the prowl car stopped in front of them and the cops got out with
their guns drawn so Freddy stopped the car and the guys got out and
off the car and slowly walked across the street. The cops lined them
against the wall. The guys stood with their hands in their pockets,
their shoulders rounded and heads slumped forward, straightening up
and raising their arms while being frisked, then resuming their
previous positions and attitudes.

Heads popped from windows, people occurred in
doorways and from bars asking what happened and the cops yelled for
everybody to shutup then asked what was going on. The guys shrugged
and murmured. One of the cops started yelling the question again when
an MP and the 2 doggies who had continued running, holding the third
one suspended between them, head hanging limply, his toes dragging
along the ground, came up to them. The cop turned to them and asked
what this was all about. Those goddam yankees like takill our buddy
heuh, nodding to the soldier between them, his head rolling from side
to side, face and front of his uniform covered with blood and puke,
blood dribbling from his head. Freddy pointed at him and stepped
toward the cop and told him theres nothin wrong with him. Hes only
foolin. The guys raised their heads slightly and looked at Freddy and
chuckled and someone murmured hes got some pair of balls. The cop
looked at the soldier and told Freddy if hes fooling hes one hell of
an actor. The chuckling grew louder and a few in the crowd of
onlookers laughed. The cops told them to shut up. Now, what in the
hell is this all about. The doggies started to speak but Freddy
outshouted them. They insulted my wife. Someone said o jesus and
Freddy stared at the doggies waiting for them to say something so he
could call them a goddam liar. The cop asked him where his wife was
and he told him right over there. Hey Rosie! Cornerei She wentover,
her blouse hanging out, her hair hanging in lumps, lipstick smeared
from Freddys slap, her eyelashes matter and the heads of pimples
shining through many layers of old dirty makeup. We was standin on
the corner talkin when these three creeps started makin obscene
remarks to my wife and when I toldem ta shutup they came after me.
Aint that right? Yeah. They insulted me, the god— Yuh dirty hoarrr.
How could yawl be insulted??? Freddy started toward him but the cop
rapped him in the gut with his club and told him to take it easy. And
youd better watch your mouth soldier. All yuhgoddamn yankees are the
same. A buncha no good niggerlovin bastards. Thats all yuare. The cop
stepped over to the soldier and told him if he didnt shut up right
now hed lock him up, and your friend along with you. He stared at the
soldier until the doggie lowered his eyes, then turned to the crowd
and asked if anyone had seen what had happened and they yelled that
they saw the whole thing that the drunken rebels had started it, they
insulted the boys wife and tried to beat him up and the cop told them
ok, ok, shut up. He turned back to the soldiers and told them to get
back to the base and have someone look after their friend, then
turned to Freddy and the others and told them to beat it and if I see
any of you punks in a fight again I/ll personally split your skulls
and—Hey wait a minute. The cop turned as the MP walked up to him.
This aint going to be the end of this officer. These men have rights
and its my duty to remind them of them. They might want to prefer
charges against these hoodlums. What in hell are you? a Philadelphia
lawyer? No sir. Im just doing my duty and reminding these men of
their rights. Alright, you reminded them now go back to the base and
leave well enough alone. You know these neighborhood bars are off
limits. Yes sir, thats true, but—but nothing. The MP started
stammering something, then looked to the three soldiers for support,
but they had already started back to the Base, the two dragging the
third, blood splattering on the street as it fell from his head.

The bodies went back in the doors and bars and the
heads in the windows. The cops drove away and Freddy and the guys
went back into the Greeks and the

street was quiet, just the sound of a tug and an
occasional car; and even the blood couldnt be seen from a few feet
away.

They slammed around the lavatory washing, laughing,
nudging each other, roaring at Freddy, splashing water, inspecting
their shoes for scratches, ripping the dirty apron, pulling the
toiletpaper off by the yard, throwing the wet wads at each other,
slapping each other on the back, smoothing their shirts, going to the
mirror up front, combing their hair, turning their collars up in the
back and rolling them down in front, adjusting their slacks on their
hips. Hey, didya see the look on the bastards face when we threwim
off the fence? Yeah. The sonofabitch was scared shitless. A buncha
punks. Hey Freddy, hows ya gut. That was some rap that bastard
giveya. Shit. I fuck cops where they eat.. .

Someday you boys going to get in trouble. All the
time fighting. Whatayamean Alex. We was just de-fendin Freddys wife.
Yeah, they insulted Rosie. They roared, stamped, and banged their
fists on the counter and tables. Alex grinned and said Scatah.
Someday you be sorry. You should get a job. Hey, watch yalanguage
Alex. Yeah. No cursin in fronna married women. They laughed and
sprawled along the counter and on the chairs. All the time
fuckaround. Someday you get in trouble. Ah Alex, dont talk like that.
Ya makus feel bad. Yeah, man, ya hurt our feelings. . .  
  

Part II The
Queen Is Dead

So God created man in his own image,
in the image of God created he him;
male and female created he them.   
Genesis 1:27
GEORGETTE was a hip queer. She (he) didnt try to
disguise or conceal it with marriage and mans talk, satisfying her
homosexuality with the keeping of a secret scrapbook of pictures of
favorite male actors or athletes or by supervising the activities of
young boys or visiting Turkish baths or mens locker rooms, leering
sidely while seeking protection behind a carefully guarded guise of
virility (fearing that moment at a cocktail party or in a bar when
this front may start crumbling from alcohol and be completely
disintegrated with an attempted kiss or groping of an attractive
young man and being repelled with a punch and— rotten
fairy—followed with hysteria and incoherent apologies and excuses
and running from the room) but, took a pride in being a homosexual by
feeling intellectually and esthetically superior to those (especially
women) who werent gay (look at all the great artists who were
fairies!); and with the wearing of womens panties, lipstick, eye
makeup (this including occasionally gold and silver—Stardust— on
the lids), long marcelled hair, manicured and polished fingernails,
the wearing of womens clothes complete with padded bra, high heels
and wig (one of her biggest thrills was going to BOP CITY dressed as
a tall stately blond ( she was 6'4" in heels ) in the company of
a negro (He was a big beautiful black bastard and when he floated in
all the cats in the place jumped and the squares bugged. We were at a
crazy pad before going and were blasting like crazy and were up so
high that I just didnt give a shit for anyone honey, let me tell you!
) ) ; and the occasional wearing of a menstrual napkin.

She was in love with Vinnie and rarely came home
while he was in jail, but stayed uptown with her girl friends, high
most of the time on benzedrine and marijuana. She had come home one
morning with one of her friends after a three day tea party with her
makeup still on and her older brother slapped her across the face and
told her that if he ever came home like that again hed kill him. She
and her friend ran screaming from the house calling her brother a
dirty fairy. After that she always called to see if her brother was
in before going home.

Her life didnt revolve, but spun centrifugally,
around stimulants, opiates, johns (who paid her to dance for them in
womens panties then ripped them off her; bisexuals who told their
wives they were going out with the boys and spent the night with
Georgette ( she trying to imagine they were Vinnie) ), the freakish
precipitate coming to the top.

When she heard that Vinnie had been paroled she went
to Brooklyn (first buying 10 dozen benzedrine tablets) and sat in the
Greeks all night following Vinnie everywhere and trying to get him
alone. She bought him coffeeand, sat on his lap and asked him to go
for a walk. He would refuse and tell her theres plenty of time
sweetheart. Maybe later. Georgette would wiggle on his lap, play with
his earlobes feeling like a young girl on her first date. She looked
at him coquettishly. Let me do you Vinnie, forcing herself to refrain
from trying to kiss him, from embracing him, from caressing his
thighs, dreaming of the warmth of his groin, seeing him nude, holding
her head (not too gently), pressing close to him, watching his
muscles contract, running her fingertips gently along the tightened
thigh muscles (he might even groan at the climax); the feel, taste,
smell. . . . Please Vinnie, the dream almost carrying over to
consciousness, the benzedrine making it even more difficult not to
try to animate the dream now.

It wasnt fear of being rebuked or hit by him (that
could be developed in her mind into a lovers quarrel ending in a
beautiful reconciliation) that restrained her, but she knew if done
in the presence of his friends (who tolerated more than accepted her,
or used her as a means to get high when broke or for amusement when
bored) his pride would force him to abjure her completely and then
there would not only be no hope, but, perhaps no dream. She put her
hand tentatively on the back of his neck twisting the short hairs.
She jumped up as he pushed her, and giggled as he patted her on the
buttox. She strutted over to the counter. May I please have another
cup of coffee Alex? you big Greek fairy. She put another benzedrine
tablet in her mouth and swallowed it with the coffee; put a nickel in
the jukebox and started wiggling as a tenor sax wailed a blues
number. Some of the others in the Greeks clapped in time to the music
and yelled, Go Georgette, Go! She put her hands behind her head,
ellipsed her pelvis slowly and—bumped— up to one of the girls who
was laughing at her and threw her hip in her face. Heres one for you,
you big bitch. When the music stopped she sat on a stool at the
counter, finished her coffee, spun around a few times on the stool,
stopped, stood up holding her hands delicately in front of her in the
dramatic manner of a concert singer and sang un bel di in a wavering
falsetto. Someone laughed and said she should go on the stage. You
have a nice voice Geòrgie. Yeah, from the same girl, fa callin hogs.
Georgette turned, put her hands on her hips, leaned her head to one
side and looked at her disdainfully. What would you know about opera
Miss Cocksucker? She threw her head back and sauntered out to the
street in her finest regal fashion.

Vinnie was 12 the first time he was arrested. He had
stolen a hearse. He was so short that he had to slide down in the
seat so far to reach the pedals that a cop standing on a corner
looking at the hearse, stopped for a redlight, thought the cab was
empty. The cop was so surprised when he opened the door and saw
Vinnie behind the wheel that he had almost shifted the gears and
started moving before the cop realized what was happening and pulled
him out. The judge was just as surprised as the arresting officer and
had some difficulty suppressing a laugh while reprimanding Vinnie and
making him promise never to do such a bad thing again. Go home and be
a good boy.

Two days later he stole another car. This time with
friends who were older and better able to drive a car without
attracting too much attention. They would keep a car, driving to
school when they went, until it ran out of gas then leave it and
steal another. They were caught many times, but Vinnie was always
released after promising not to do it again. He was so young, looking
even younger, and innocent looking that it was impossible for a judge
to think of him as a criminal and they were hesitant about sending
him to an institution where he might learn to be a thief rather than
just a mischievous boy. When he was 15 and arrested for the 11th time
he was sent to a correctional institution for boys. When he was
released a representative of a social organization talked with him
and asked him to visit their boys club in the neighborhood. Vinnie
had grown during the last year and took great pride in his ability to
fight better than other kids his age and better than most who were
older. After starting a few fights at the boys club for kicks he
stopped going and another invitation was never extended.

He was sent up for his first real bit when he was 16.
He had stolen a car and was speeding along Ocean Parkway (he wanted
to see how fast the car could go in case he had to outrun the law)
and crackedup. His only injury was a gash in his head. An ambulance
and the police were called. The ambulance attendant bandaged his head
and told the policemen he was well enough to be taken to the police
station. Vinnie still wasnt fully aware of what had happened as the 2
policemen helped him up the steps of the stationhouse, but he knew
they were cops. He pushed one down the steps, punched the other
knocking him down, and ran. Possibly he might have gotten away, but
he went to the Greeks and displayed the gash in his head to his
friends telling them how he dumped the two cops.

He was permitted to plead guilty to a misdemeanor and
was sentenced to 1 to 3 years.

He seemed to enjoy the time he spent in jail. While
there he tattooed his number on his wrist with a pin and ink and
displayed it to everyone when he came home. He went straight to the
Greeks when he was paroled, sitting there all night telling stories
about the things he did while doing time. Many of the others in the
Greeks had been in the same prison and they talked about the guards,
the work, the yard and their cells. The day after his release 3
gunmen were shot attempting to stickup a store. One died instantly
and the other 2 were in the hospital in critical condition. When he
heard about it he bought a paper, cut the story and pictures out and
carried them with him for days, until they finally fell apart from
handling, telling everyone that they were friends of his. I did time
with them guys. Yaknow this guy Steve who got killed? He was my boy.
He was on the same bench with me. Me and him was real tight man. We
ran the yard up there. We was the gees on the first bench and what we
said was law. We even got sent to the hole tagether. A couplea creeps
wouldnt giveus the packages they got from home so we dumpedem. Im
tellinya, we was real tight man.

The glory of having known someone killed by the
police during a stickup was the greatest event of his life and a
memory he cherished as would an aging invalid, at the end of a
disappointing life, a winning touchdown made at the end of the final
game of the season.

Vinnie got kicks from refusing Georgette when she
tried to get him to take a walk with her, and from patting her on the
ass and telling her not now sweetheart. Maybe later. He felt good
having someone hot forim like that. Even if it is a fag. He followed
her over to the counter where she was sitting and, wetting his finger
and sticking it in her ear, laughed as she squirmed and giggled. Too
bad I didnt have-ya upstate. I had a couple a sweet kids but they
didnt have chips like this, patting her again on the ass and looking
at the others, smiling, and waiting for them to smile in appreciation
of his witticisms. It cost loot ta do me now sweet-chips, turning
once more to the others wanting to be certain that they understood
that Georgette was in love with him and that he could have her
anytime he wanted to, but, he was playing it cool, waiting for her to
give him loot before he condescended to allow her to do him; feeling
superior to the others because he knew Steve who had been killed by
the bulls, and because Georgette was smart and could snow them under
with words (at the same time hating anyone else who might use
polysyllabic words and thinking anyone who went to school was a
creep), but (mistaking in his dull, never to be matured mind, her
loneliness for respect of his strength and virility) she would never
try that with him.

He followed Georgette out to the street turning to
laugh at the girl Georgette had insulted, sitting, trying desperately
to think of something to say, her rage manifest on her face and
thickening her tongue. She spit and called him a goddam faggot
bastard. Georgette turned, holding a cigarette between middle and
forefinger of the right hand, hand inverted and outstretched, left
hand on her hip and looking disdainfully at the flushed face, Whats
your excuse churl? did you leave your nature in the outter ring or in
a cesspool?

Vinnie laughed trying to give the impression he dug
Georgettes remark (only vaguely aware that there may be something in
the remark he didnt understand) and pushed the girl back into her
chair as she started toward the door, and walked out and pinched
Georgette on the cheek, then took a cigarette from her pocket.
Whattayasay we take a walk? I might even letya do me. Oh, aren't you
the one though, hoping he was serious, trying in her finest
effeminate manner to act coy. I/ll only chargeya a fin, leaning
against the fender of a parked car looking through the open door into
the Greeks at the others, wanting to be certain they saw and heard.
Your generosity overwhelms me Vincent, smiling at his, My name is
Vinnie and can that Vincent shit, and wanting to have him even if she
did have to pay, but not wanting him on a business basis. She would
give him money if he wanted it, but not at that time; if she did it
would not only kill, or at least blur, the dream, but it would make
her his john and that would be unbearable, especially after having
waited so long. She knew he wouldnt go with her while the others were
there, fearing the jeers of queerbait, so was forced to wait and hope
the others might leave. Reasoning thus, yet hoping, in her
benzedrined mind, that she may be wrong and he would take her by the
arm and walk away with her, she continued the little game. I/ll have
you know that I have dozens of Johns who pay me, and not a paltry
five dollars either.

I wont charge ya nothin Georgie, grabbing one of her
ears. Dont touch me Harry, you big freak, pushing his hand away and
slapping at it. Im not about to have sex with you. Harry took his
pushbutton knife from his pocket, opened it, locked the blade in the
open position, felt the blade and tip and walked toward Georgette as
she backed away shaking limp wristed hands at him. Stand still and
I/ll makeya a real woman without goin ta Denmark. He and Vinnie
laughed as Georgette continued to back away, her hands limply
extended. You dont want that big sazeech gettin in yaway Georgie boy.
Let me cut it off. It is not big Miss Pinky, trying to suppress her
fears by thinking herself a heroine, and get away from me.

Harry flipped the knife underhand at her and yelled
think fast! She lifted her left leg slightly, covered her face with
her hands, turned away and shrilled an OOOOOOO as the knife hit the
sidewalk, bouncing off the wall behind her and skipping a few feet
away. Harry and Vinnie were laughing, Vinnie walking over to the
knife and picking it up, Georgette walking away still screeching at
Harry. You big freak! You Neanderthal fairy! You—Vinnie threw the
knife yelling think fast. Georgette leaping, pirouetting away from
the knife screaming at them to stop ( only the benzedrine preventing
hysteria now ), but they laughed, their daring growing with her fear;
throwing the knife harder and closer to her feet; the knife skipping
and billiarding away, picked up and thrown again at the dancing feet
(the scene resembling one in a grade B western); the laughing,
leaping and pirouetting stopping suddenly as the blade of the knife
stuck in the calf of her leg (had it been a board, not flesh, the
blade would have vibrated and twanged). Georgette looked quizzically
at the small portion of the blade visible, and handle sticking from
her leg, too surprised to feel the blood rolling down her leg to
think of the wound or the danger, but just staring at the knife
trying to understand what had happened. Vinnie and Harry just looked.
Harry muttered something about that being a good shot and Vinnie
smiled. Georgette looked up, saw Vinnie smiling at her, looked back
at the knife and screamed that her new slacks were ruined. The
others, watching from the Greeks, laughed and Harry asked her what
she was growin from her leg. Georgette simply called him a fuck and
hopped over to the step leading to the side door of the Greeks and
sat down slowly, carefully keeping the leg stiff and extended in
front of her. Harry asked her if she wanted him to yank the knife out
and she screamed at him to go to hell. Leaning down and gently
holding the handle in her fingertips and closing her eyes she tugged
tentatively, then slowly pulled the knife from her leg. She sighed
and dropped the knife, then leaned back against the door jamb, flexed
her leg slightly and reached down and pulled her shoe off. It was
filled with blood. The effects of the benzedrine were almost
completely worn off and she shivered as she poured the blood from her
shoe, the blood splattering as it hit the sidewalk, the small puddle
flowing off in rills in to cracks in the pavement, mixing with the
dirt in the cracks and disappearing. . . . She screamed and cursed
Harry.

Whats the matta Georgie? Has the poor little girl got
a Booboo? She screeched. You brought me down! You rotten freaks, you
brought me down! She looked at Vinnie with pleading in her eyes
trying to regain her composure (the effects of the benzedrine
completely gone now and panic starting to take its place), hoping to
gain his sympathy, looking tenderly as a lover taking irrevocable
leave, and Vinnie laughed thinking how much she looked like a dog
beggin for a bone. Whats the matta? Ya hurt or somethin?

She almost fainted from fear and anger as the others
roared with laughter. She looked at the blur of faces wanting to kick
them, spit into them, slap them, scratch them, but, when she tried to
move the pain in her leg stopped her and she leaned back against the
jamb, now fully conscious of her leg and, for the first time,
thinking of the wound. She lifted her pant leg up to her knee and
trembled as she felt the blood soaked pant leg and looked at the
wound, blood still oozing out, her blood soaked sock and the small
pool of blood under her foot, trying to ignore the whistles and, Atta
girl, take it off.

Vinnie had gone into the Greeks and got a bottle of
iodine from Alex and came out and told Georgette not taworry about
it. I/ll fix it up. He lifted her leg and poured the iodine into the
wound and laughed, with the others, when Georgette screamed and
jumped up, holding the injured leg with both hands, hopping up and
down on the other. They whistled, clapped their hands and someone
started singing, Dance Ballerina Dance. Georgette fell to the ground,
still clutching her leg frantically, and sat in the middle of the
sidewalk spotted by the light from the Greeks, one leg curved under
her, the other up and bent at the knee, her head bowed and between
her legs, like a clown imitating a dancer.

When the pain subsided she got up and hopped back to
the step, sat down and asked for a handkerchief to wrap around her
leg. Whatta yacrazy? I dont want my hankerchief all messed up. The
laughter again. Vinnie stepped gallantly forward and pulled the
handkerchief from her pocket and helped her tie it around her leg.
There yaare Georgie. All fixed up. She said nothing but stared at the
blood; the wound growing larger and larger; blood poisoning streaking
her leg, the streak widening and almost to her heart; the stench of
gangrene from her rotting leg. . . .

Well, comeon, give. What? What did you say Vinnie? I
said give me some loot and I/ll getya a cab so ya can go home. I cant
go home Vinnie. Why not? My brothers home. Well, where-ya gonna go?
Ya cant sit here all night. I/ll go to the hospital. They can fix my
leg and then I/ll go uptown to Marys. Areya crazy or somethin. Ya
cant go to the hospital. When they see that leg of yours theyll wanna
know what happened and the next thing yaknow the lawll be knockin on
my door and I/ll be back in the can. I wont tell them anything
Vinnie. You know that. Honestly. Irma pigs ass. They getya up there
and shoot somethin inya and youll talk ya ass off, vague memories of
radio programs heard and movies seen. I/ll getya a cab and takeya
home. No Vinnie, please! I wont tell them anything. I promise. I/ll
tell them some spick kids did it, holding her leg tightly with both
hands, rocking back and forth with a steady hypnotical rhythm and
trying with desperation not to get hysterical and to ignore the
throbbing pain in her leg. Please! My brothers home. I cant go home
now! Look, I dont know what ya-brother will do and I dont give a
shit, but I know what Im gonna do if ya dont shut thehellup.

Georgette called to him as he walked toward the
avenue to hail a cab, pleading and promising anything. She didnt want
to argue with Vinnie; she didnt want him to dislike her; she didnt
want to provoke him; but she knew what would happen when she got
home. Her Mother would cry and call the doctor; and if her brother
didnt find the bennie (she couldnt throw them away and there was too
much to take at once) the doctor would know she had been taking
something and tell them. She knew they would take her clothes off and
see the red spangled G string she was wearing. Her brother might
ignore the makeup (when he saw her leg and all the blood; and when
her Mother started worrying about her and telling the brother to
leave him alone) but, he would never ignore the bennie and the G
string.

Yet this was not what she really feared; it wasnt
being slapped by her brother that brought back the fear that almost
caused her to faint; that made her think (only briefly) of praying;
that pushed from her mind the smell of gangrene. It was knowing that
she would have to stay in the house for a few days, maybe even a
week. The doctor would tell her to stay off the leg until it healed
properly and her Mother and brother would enforce the doctors order;
and she knew they wouldnt allow any of her girl friends to visit her
and she had nothing except the benzedrine which would probably be
found and thrown away. There was nothing hidden in the house; no way
she could get it. In the house a week or more with nothing. I/d
crack. I cant stay down that long. Theyll bug me. Bug me. O jesus
jesus jesus. . . .

A cab stopped in front of the Greeks and Vinnie got
out and he and Harry helped (forced) Georgette into the rear of the
cab. She continued to plead, to beg; she told them she had a john who
was a Wallstreet Broker and she was going to see him this weekend and
he was good for 20, maybe more. I/ll give it to you. I/ll give you
more. I know where you can get hundreds without any trouble at all. I
know a few fairies who own an Arts & Crafts Shoppee in the
Village. You can stick them up. They always have a lot of money
around; it wont be any trouble—Vinnie slapped her face and told her
ta shut the hell up, trying to see if the cab driver was paying any
attention to what she was saying and telling him something, almost
incoherendy, about his friend just having a accident and was still
kindda shook.

It took less than 3 minutes to drive the few blocks
to Georgettes house. When the cab stopped in front of her house
Vinnie took the change from her pocket and the 3 singles from her
wallet. Is that all ya-got? I/ll give you more in a few days if you
take me to the hospital. Look, if ya dont walk in, we/ll carryya in
and tell ya brother ya tried ta pick up a couplea sailors and they
dumpedya. Will you come over to the house tomorrow and see me, alone?
Yeah, sure. I/ll seeya tomorrow, winking at Harry. Georgette tried to
believe him and for a moment forgot her previous fears and the old
dream flashed briefly across her mind and she could see her room, the
bed, Vin-nie. . . .

She limped toward the door and stopped in the
vestibule, put a handful of bennie in her mouth, chewed then
swallowed them. Before knocking on her door she turned and yelled to
Vinnie not to forget about tomorrow. Vinnie laughed at her.

Vinnie and Harry waited in
the cab until they saw the door open and Georgette go inside, her
Mother closing the door behind her, before they paid the driver. They
left the cab, walked down the street to the avenue, turned the corner
and walked back to the Greeks.

* * *
The door closed. A hundred times. Closed. Even as it
swung open she heard it bang shut. Closed. Closed. Dozens of doors
like many pictures jerkily animated by a thumb, tumbling mistily like
shadows. . . . and the click, click, the goddamn click click click of
the latch and it banged shut. SHUT. Again and again and again it
BANGED SHUT. A thousand miserable times. BANG BANG. BANG. Always
banging shut. Never a knock. Think it. Force it. A knock. A knock.
Please, please. O Jesus a knock. Make it a knock. Make it someone
knocking. To come in. Why cant it be a knock. Goldie with bennie.
Anything. Anybody. Closed. Closed. Bang. BANG. BANG! SHUT!!! O Jesus
SHUT! And I cant get out. Only roll in bed. This dirty freak of a bed
(VINNIE!!!) and that rotten fairy of a doctor wouldnt give me
anything. Not even a little codeine. And it throbs. It does. It does.
It throbs and pains. I can feel it squeezing up my leg and it hurts.
It hurts dreadfully. It does. It really does. I need something for
the pain. O Jesus I cant stay down. And I cant get out. Not even
Soakie. She might have something. Let her in. I cant get out. Out.
Up—(the door banged and her Mother looked up and noticed first the
strange look on her sons face, the staring eyes; then the blood on
his slacks and as she ran to him she collapsed on Mothers shoulder,
crying, wanting to cry on Mothers shoulder and have her listen and
stroke her hair (I love him Mother. I love him and want him. ) ; and
knowing that she must scare her Mother so she would be protected by
her sympathy, and perhaps Mother would get her to bed (she wanted to
run to the bed, but she knew she had to hobble to impress her), get
her to bed before her brother came in the room. She might be able to
hide the bennie. She had to try! Her Mother staggered and they
hobbled toward the bed (mustnt run), wanting her Mother near, wanting
the comfort; and feeling calmer, safer, as her Mothers face paled and
her hands shook; yet calculating just how far she could go with the
scene so Mother would be properly concerned yet still capable of
protecting her from Arthur . . . and she may yet be able to hide the
bennie) ...

Why couldnt he be out. Why did he have to be home. If
only he were dead. You sonofabitch die. DIE (Whats the matter with
mom-mys little girl. Did ooo stub oo little toesywoesy Georgieworgit?
Dont touch me you fairy. Dont touch me. Look whos calling someone a
fairy. Aint that a laugh. Ha! You freak. Freak FREAK FREAK FREAK! Why
you rotten punk-Georgette leaned more heavily upon Mother and swung
the injured leg from side to side, groaning. Please Arthur. Please.
Leave your brother alone. Hes hurt. Hes passing out from loss of
blood. Brother? Thats a goodone. Please— Georgette groaned louder
and started sliding from Mothers neck (if only she could get to the
bed and hide the bennie. Hide the bennie. Hide the bennie); please,
not again. Not now. Just call the doctor. For me. Please. ) If he had
stayed out. Or had just gone to the kitchen . . . Georgie porgie
puddin n pie . . . Why do they do this to me? Why wont they leave me
alone??? (Arthur looked at his brother and grunted with disgust then
went to the phone and Georgette tried frantically to get the bennie
out of her pocket but her slacks were so tight she couldnt get her
hand in and she was afraid to move away from her Mother so she could
get her hand in her pocket. She fell on the bed and rolled on her
side and tried to get them out and under the mattress or even the
pillow (yes, the pillow) but her Mother thought she was rolling with
pain and held her hands trying to comfort and soothe her son, telling
him to try to relax, the doctor will be here soon and you will be
alright. Dont worry darling. Youll see. Everything will be alright .
. . and then her brother came back, looked at his Motiier then the
ripped slacks and blood and said they had better take the pants off
and put a little mercurochrome on the leg and Georgette tried to yank
her hands free, but her Mother gripped tighter, trying to absorb her
sons pain, and Georgette fought furiously, trying to hold her slacks
and keep her brother from pulling them off. She screamed and kicked,
but when she did the pain really throbbed through her leg, and she
tried biting her Mothers hands but her brother pushed her head down
(the G string! The bennie!!!). Stop. Stop! Go away. Dont let him.
Please dont let him. It will be alright son. The doctor will be here
soon. Nobody wants to hurt you. You rotten fairy, stop. Stop! You
queer sonofabitch. STOP, but brother loosened the belt and grabbed
her pants by the cuffs and Georgette screeched and her Mothers tears
fell on her face, begging Arthur to be careful; and Arthur pulled
them slowly yet still tore loose the clot from the wound and blood
started oozing, then flowing down the leg and Georgette fell back
crying and screaming, and Arthur let the pants fall to the floor and
stared at his brother . . . watching the blood roll to the sheet, the
leg jerk . . . listening to his brother crying and wanting to laugh
with satisfaction, and even happy to see the misery on his Mothers
face as she looked at Georgette and lifted his head in her arms and
stroked his head, humming, shaking tears from her face . . . Arthur
wanting to lean over and punch his face, that goddamn face covered
with makeup, wanting to tear at the leg and listen to his fairy
brother wail . . . He straightened up and stood silently at the foot
of the bed for a moment halfhearing the sobs and his thoughts, then
stepped around to the side and started yanking at the Red Spangled G
String. You disgusting degenerate. In front of my Mother you have the
nerve to lay here with this thing on. He yanked, and slapped
Georgette across the face, Mother pleading, crying, soothing, and
Georgette rolled and clawed as the tight G String scraped along her
leg, and Mother begged Arthur to leave his brother alone—BROTHER?—
but he tugged and yanked, yelling above them until it was off and he
flung it from him into another room. How can you hold him like that.
Hes nothing but a filthy homosexual. You should throw him out in the
street. Hes your brother son. You should help him. Hes my son (hes my
baby. My baby) and I love him and you should love him. She rocked
with Georgettes head cradled in her arms and Arthur stormed out of
the house and Georgette rolled over on her back trying to reach the
slacks and the bennie, but her Mother held her, continuing to tell
her son that it would be alright. Everything will be alright. )

O please, please, please, please .. . why are you
torturing me? The bitches. The dirty bitches. O let me out. Let
someone come in. I dont want to be alone. Please let them come.
Anything. Im down. Let them come. For christs sake. Im down. DOWN! I
cant stay in this room. This dirty room. Let Vinnie in. Let him take
me away. Vinnie. O Vinnie, my darling. Take me away. Its ugly in
here. Ugly. And I loved the carousel. Puddin n pie. Vinnie—(the
doctor looked at her eyes, said nothing, then examined her leg. He
washed the wound, probed gently, and Georgette groaned, hoping hed
write a prescription, and rolled on the bed trying to hang over the
side and reach the slacks and the doctor mumbled; her Mother watched,
shaking, and Georgette looked pleadingly at her, wanting her caresses
and protection, but she couldnt reach the slacks. Jesus, why cant I
reach them? She stopped rolling and cried. Her Mother stroked her
forehead and the doctor bandaged the leg and told her to stay off it
for a few days and come in to see him when she felt better. He closed
his bag (shut. Shut. It banged Shut!), smiled and told Mrs. Hanson it
would be better if George didnt have any visitors for a few days. She
nodded (Georgette leaned slowly to the edge of the bed—when they go
to the door) and thanked him. Dont bother to walk me to the door. I
can find my way out) )— not even a little codeine. Nothing. If that
fucking Harry wasnt there. That freak. And those rotten bitches. Two
cent cunt. Not even a nebbie. He could have given me one at least.
Not much of a cut. Just stay in bed a few days. Days. Days. Days . .
. DAYS. DAYS!!! The walls will faU. Theyll crush me. Mother? O
Mother. Mother? Give me something. Please. Anything. Try to relax
son. Your leg will be better soon. My leg?—(Stop. Arthur, for the
love of God stop. Stop? You see these? You see them? More of those
goddamn dopepills. Thats what they are. Dopepills. Well, you will
never see these again dear sweet brother! Give them to me. Give me
them. Mother, make him give them to me. Shut up or I/ll kill you. Do
you hear me? I swear I will kill you. Always crying. Mommy this and
Mommy that. Every time you get a little scratch—Arthur. Stop! He
stood shaking, clutching the end of the bed watching brother crawl
and squirm on the bed, hiding behind his Mommy, wanting Mommys love
and kisses . . . then shoved the pills in his pocket, spun around and
dragged out the boxes in the back of the closet and dumped them on
the floor—Mommy this and Mommy that—ripping and tearing
Georgettes drag clothes, her lovely dresses and silks, stamping on
her shoes . . . You see these Mother? You see them? Look. Look at
these disgusting pictures. O Arthur—Look at them. Just LOOK! Men
making love to each other. It isnt pretty is it? Arthur, please.
Well? is it? Are they? ARE THEY??? Filth. Thats what they are.
FILTH!!! Why dont you die Georgie! Why dont you go away and die.
Stop. STOP! For the love of god Arthur, stop. I cant stand it
anymore. Well, neither can I. You saw those pictures. Now you should
know what he really is. A degenerate. A filthy degenerate! Arthur,
please, for my sake. I know. I know. Leave your brother alone.
Please. Brother???)—O god, theyll bug me. They know I cant stay
down. They know it. Nothing to see. To look at. Why me? Why wont
somebody help me. I dont want to be alone. I cant stand it. Please
help me. At least Goldie has bennie. I cant stay down. Always alone.
O jesus, jesus jesus . . . why me??? Mommy? Mommy? O god I need
something. Those sick johns. Always? I dont want to be straight. I
just need something. I/ll go crazy. Theyre keeping me down. Down. Why
do they want to kill me? and the near shadowless room continued
shrinking and she looked for dark corners, but there were none, just
a penumbra as the closet door partially blocked the light from the
living room. Georgette called . . . looked around the room. At the
bed. Sat up and called again . . . then slowly swung her legs over
the side and tentatively touched the floor . . . stood . . . hobbled
to the door and looked at Mother sleeping in a chair. She dressed,
took money from Mothers pocketbook and left. When she stood on the
stoop she realized she didnt know the day or time. But the sun had
set. Leaning against parked cars she limped to the corner and hailed
a cab, praying that Goldie was home. She gave the driver the address
and thought of Goldies and bennie.

When she got to Goldies one of the girls helped her
upstairs and to a chair. She asked for someone to light her a
cigarette and leaned back in the chair, closed her eyes, allowing her
hand and body to shake, extending her leg stiffly in front of her and
groaning. The girls stood around, asking, wondering, thrilling to the
scene and exulting over the sudden breaking of the monotony; the
monotony of the last few days that dragged them even with bennie and
pot and forced them to sit, just sit, and bitch about the heat like
tired johns, and remember beatings by punks, and stares of squares;
but Georgette twisted her face with pain, not too much though, and
they wondered and thrilled. Goldie handed her half a dozen bennie and
she swallowed them, gulped hot coffee and sat silent . . . trying to
think the bennie into her mind (and her room and the past few days
out); not wanting to wait for it to dissolve and be absorbed by the
blood and pumped through her body; wanting her heart to pound now;
wanting the chills now; wanting the lie now; Now!!! The others
jabbered and squealed as she opened her eyes, shaking her head
tragically, her arms hanging limply . . . speaking in whispers and
shaking away questions, nodding and slowly raising her cigarette to
her lips and taking shallow asthmatic puffs. They gave her more
coffee and then the tingle, the pounding of the heart and she Ht
another cigarette and straightened slightly in the chair. Goldie
asked her if she was feeling better and she said yes. A little
thanks. Would you like some pot? O, do you have any? Of course honey.
Goldie gave her a stick and Georgette sucked the smoke refusing,
absolutely refusing, to cough; and they watched and waited until
Georgette had chewed the roach & put her makeup on before
bubbling forth with their questions. Well, I must say you look much
better now. You looked simply frightful when you came in. I have been
down for days. Days? What happened. Yes, dishus honey. Do you have
another stick Goldie. Of course. Well for gods sake, you just going
to sit there all night or are you going to tell us what happened. O
really Miss Lee. Cant you see the poor girl is overwrought. You dont
have to yell Miss Thing. Im simply dying to know what happened, thats
all. Thats alright honey—O thank you Goldie—I understand. Just
let me get myself together and I/ll tell you the whole story. She
smoked the second stick and told them how she was stabbed; how the
freak Harry started the whole thing; how the doctor wouldnt give her
anything, not even one little nebbie; and how they kept her locked in
her room not allowing her to have one visitor, and I heard Vinnie at
the door a couple of times and they wouldnt let him in; and how she
defied her brother, the freak, and how she laid him out and walked
right out of the house. And I mean right past him honey, right past
him, and you should have seen his face! he was agog, simply agog. O I
laid him out but good. O how wonderful. How simply wonderful. O how I
wish I had been there. I would have adored seeing you lay that big
freak out. I/ll never forget that atrocious scene he pulled on us.
Never. All those straight creeps are like that. They clapped their
hands, twittered and aaad and decided to have a party in honor of
Georgette and the laying out of Arthur.

Goldie sent Rosie, a demented female who acted as
sortofa housemaid, for gin, cigarettes and another gross of bennie.
They made a small pot of bouillon and danced around it dropping
tablets in and chanting bennie in the bouillon, bennie in the
bouillon, whirling away the fear and boredom, giggling, popping
bennie, drinking gin, toasting Georgette: Long Live THE QUEEN, and
the laying out of Arthur. He should be laid out, but I mean really,
the freak, each in her mind and turn laying out every rough or
straight sonofabitch that ever hit them or pointed and laughed;
dancing through the apartment until they fell into chairs trying to
catch their breath, fanning themselves; and Rosie brought bouillon,
ice and gin and they spoke more quietly, still laughing, asking
Georgette again and again to tell them how she laid her brother out .
. . then gradually they quieted, too spent to shout, stretching in
their seats, getting higher and higher as they sat quietly and
becoming conscious of the absence of men, their high spirits and
overflowing joy making the absence of love known. So her subjects
petitioned the Queen to summon forth her dashing husband and his
rough trade friends, for tonight they were daring and even Camille, a
frail queen from a small town in Jersey, longed for rough arms, there
being no room, but absolutely no room, for johns. So Georgette,
flying in her world of junk, called the Greeks and flushed (O, my
libido is twitching) when she heard Vinnies voice and fluttered her
lids when he said hello sweetchips, whereya been? O, Ive been balling
it loverman, smiling at her friends and too high to be bothered by,
Ive got ya loverman shit. Itll still costya. She asked him to come
over with some of the boys, giggling yes when he asked if she was
high, telling him they had loads of gin and not to worry about gold
for gas to get back, and Vinnie said maybe they would (for kicks) and
Georgette continued to talk after Vinnie hungup, rolling her hips as
she sighed, O Vinnie baby, and sighing as she slowly lowered the
phone. They asked her if they were coming, how many, when—and
Georgette played it cool and to the hilt; regally walking back to her
throne, telling the girls to be quiet. Really! One would think it was
years since you had a real man. They may be here in an hour or so, if
they dont pull a job, so just keep your legs crossed, flaunting her
arms, smiling graciously and secretly. They drank more bouillon,
popped more bennie and dished the dirt. Camille was nervous, never
having met an excon before. You just never meet that sort back home.
As a matter of fact Goldie was the first hip queen she had ever met.
All the fairies in her town were closet queens or pinkteas, so she
was all a dither, jumping up, jerking around the room, asking
question after question, Georgette telling her stories about broken
noses, cut throats and Camille ooood and squealed, loving the
tightness in her stomach and the apprehension in her bowels. She said
she felt faint and that she simply must take a bath. The others
laughed and chided, Georgette waving off the how could you/s as
Camille filled one of the tubs in the kitchen and laid out her
brushes: One for her back, one for her stomach, one for her chest,
one for her arms, one for her legs, one for her feet, one for her
toenails, one for her hands, one for her fingernails, and a special
jar of cream for her face. She lined them up, handles facing her, and
started from the left with the back brush. They told her to hurry or
she would be attacked while bathing and O she was frightened, they
should know better than to talk of such things. She was so upset she
almost broke wind.

Camille had finished her bath, collected her brushes
and was primping in the bathroom when the bell rang. Georgette almost
jumped to the door, but contained herself, sat back, leaning her head
to one side hoping the light was falling on her face properly, and
waited for someone to open the door. She held her cigarette daintily
and tried to hide her excitement. Over an hour since the call and
though Miss Camille, while in the tub, had afforded Georgette an
opportunity to appear relaxed and carefree, during the time that
elapsed since Camille finished Georgette was forced to retain her
position, and the center of attraction, by amusing the others with
stories, laying this one and that one out, the girls laughing at her
wit; continually talking and hoping the bell would ring before too
many seconds of silence forced her to think of what to say next or
allowed the others to become conscious of time and ask about Vinnie
(VINNIE!!! Vinnie had to come) or allowed her fears to come back to
the surface . . . but the bell rang and she swallowed another bennie,
finished her bouillon and once again adjusted herself on her throne.

Goldie opened the door and the boys strolled in,
looked around, stood in the kitchen, looking, until Vinnie led the
way into the living room. Whatayasay Georgie? Hows the leg? O, just
fine, thank you, tilting her head to the side just a wee bit more and
taking a quick Bette Davis like drag on her cigarette. The other guys
strolled around the room, eventually flopping here and there. Harrys
eyes bugged when he saw Lee. She looked like one of the show girls
you see in some of the magazines (her hair was shoulder length and
golden blond and she was always smartly in drag), a real doll. Harry
kept staring, not digging the score. He had never been to Goldies
before and he thought maybe she was Rosie the freak he had heard the
guys talk about, but man, she didnt look like no freak. She looked
like a real fine piecea ass. Goldie prepared drinks, putting a bennie
in each, and stepped lightly through the rooms dispensing them,
smiling and simply brimming over with joy. Lee told Rosie to bring
her another pack of cigarettes and when Rosie simpered and said no
Lee pointed a finger at her and told her to bring them here at once
or you will be out on the street with the other freaks, Miss
Cocksucker. (Harry looked at Lee, still puzzled, then figured she
must be one of the queens. But shes still a fine piecea ass.) Rosie
threw the cigarettes to Lee and ran to the bathroom and pounded on
the door until Camille unlocked it, then stepped around her and sat
on the floor between the sink and the toilet-bowl. O really Rosie. I
mean! Camille sniffed, primped her hair again, peeked out, walked to
the kitchen and slowly inched her way to the living room hoping her
makeup was on properly (that light over the mirror is simply
terrible) and glided into the room and slowly lowered herself beside
Goldie and, as did the other girls, surveyed the prospective suitors.
Her eyes almost blurred with excitement. They had such hard looks.
Why their eyes went right through you as if you were naked. She
squirmed slightly. But it is wonderful. But what should she do? Of
course she had never even so much as hinted the truth to the other
girls, but she was a virgin. She had talked with a few of the queens
back home and they told her how to go about doing it, always
cautioning her never, but never to take it out of her mouth when he
was coming because it might just get all over you and in your eyes
and you know honey, you can go blind from that, and anyway thats the
moment when everything just explodes and you wont want to take it out
. . . But how do you start? what do you say??? O, I hope everything
will be alright.   

Goldie inquired if they were ready for another drink
and they said yeah, but not so much of that sodashit. Thats o k for
you girls, but I like somethin with a kick, so Goldie swished lightly
to the kitchen, lowering her eyes at Malfie, fixed another drink with
just a drop of mixer and another bennie, distributed the drinks and
asked them if they would like a bennie. Sure, why not. So she passed
the box around, telling them to take two, then sat down glancing
coyly from time to time, at Malfie.

Georgette no longer tried to control the
conversation, but concentrated on Vinnie, trying, of course, to give
a disinterested impression, wanting to let her friends see that he
was hers. She tried toying with Harry, hoping to arouse a sense of
jealousy in Vinnie, but Harry continually grabbed her by the ears and
rubbed his crotch and tolder he got a nice fat lob forer ta suck, and
Georgette sat back on her throne and threw her head to the side and
told him she wasnt interested in boys, Miss Pinkie, then leaned
toward Vinnie when she saw him staring at Lee. Vinnie was hip to Lee,
but she still looked like a lovely doll and he thought of her as a
dame. Lee enjoyed the idea of them staring at her, but turned her
head and spoke to Goldie or Camille or the room in general. After
all, she had worked in some of the best drag joints and had been
featured in the professional magazines and it certainly would be
beneath her dignity to openly fraternize with roughtrade (admittedly
though she did enjoy them within the safety of the apartment). That
may be alright for Georgette, and the others, but someone in her
position couldnt afford to be seen with scum, and their manners are
far too repulsive . . . but it might be fun to play with them . . .
Camille continued to look, worry and hope.

Goldie asked Malfie if he would like another drink
and he said sure sweetheart, fillerup and Goldie filled the glass
with gin, just a bit of mixer, no bennie (too much might kill his
nature), yelled for Rosie to get more gin like a good girl. Rosie
smiled, you like me Goldie? and Goldie patted her head, of course
Rosie. Now run along like a good girl and get the gin. When Goldie
handed the drink to Malfie she brushed lightly against his leg and
smiled. Malfie raised his eyes slightly and Goldie twittered and
asked if he would like some pot. Yamean weed? Of course darling.
Yeah. She rushed into the bedroom (he didnt move his leg), came out
with a small cookie tin and passed the joints around. Georgette
blasted with a flourish, letting the ash get long and loose then
dragging hard and sucking the ash in with the smoke. She laughed
loudly, turning and pointing to be certain that everyone was aware
why she was laughing, and watched Harry as he struggled with the
stick and ranked him as he covered his nose and mouth trying to
suppress a cough. You should have asked us to show you how Harold.
Theres no sense in wasting good pot on amateurs. Georgette enjoyed
the light laughter and sat back sucking hard on her joint, pointing
at Harry as he continued to struggle, feeling her eyes cloud slightly
. . . She rolled her shoulders and looked at her Vinnie then turned
back to Harry as he finally stopped choking and tolder ta shuter
mout, ya cocksucker. I am an expert in my field honey. No body can
suck a cock better than I. But you!!! why youre not even a good
thief. Youre just rank, and she sucked the joint down to an 1/8th of
an inch then dropped the roach in her mouth and, smiling
disdainfully, leaned over and took the partially smoked stick from
Harry. His body was as sluggish as his imagination and he only got
partway to his feet then sat down, trying to ignore the smiles of the
guys and the twittering of the queens, straining to think of
something to say, but only mumbling, fag. Shutup and take your dope
pills, ya hop-head. Lee burst out with a roar and told Georgette she
was surprised that her friends were so square. Not all of them honey,
and she flourished her wrist and tapped Vinnie on the knee. Lee
continued to rank Harry, but he was getting frightfully nasty and Lee
started getting nervous and asked Goldie to turn on the radio and get
some music. Goldie tuned in a jazz program and they slowly relaxed
with the tea and the music. Harry wanted to open a window, but the
guys said nothing and the queens frowned so he sat still, sipping his
drink and watching Lee. Goldie watched Malfies eyes fog, then stared
at his chest as it swelled with the beating of his heart, told him he
may as well take his shirt off as having it hanging open like that,
then watched his flesh move and shine with sweat, loving the small
mat of hair between his breasts and the sweat rolling down and into
the mat. Rosie had been knocking on the door for almost a minute
before Lee, annoyed with the manner in which Miss Goldie was ogling
Maine, got up in a huff and opened the door. She took the gin from
Rosie, put it on the table in the living room, took four more bennie
and a glass of hot bouillon and sat down, disgusted, and tried to
withdraw as far as possible from the sordid party. Cant even take a
few bennie and a little pot without simply drifting off. How
ridiculous. I must say Georgette that I dont think much of these men
friends of yours. I thought they were hip. Goldie heard, but didnt
bother to look at her and continued to stare at Malfie, thinking of
how wonderful it was that they werent used to bennie (getting kicks
too from turning them (him) on), and waiting for the time to fly, as
it does when youre up on bennie, and stop with her and Malfie.
Georgette went to the kitchen, brought back a bowl of ice and a
bottle of mixer, and filled hers and Vinnies glasses. There is no
need to worry Miss Lee. They dont want to have anything to do with
the likes of you. Vinnie was digging the conversation, but was goofed
with the tea and didnt bother to say anything, and just took the
drink from Georgette and looked over his glass at Lee, letting the
smoke come slowly from his nose, and gave her a gee look until Lee
turned her head then Vinnie pursed his lips at Camille and smiled,
glowing inside at the fear in her eyes. Dont worry chippy, nobodys
gonna hurtya. Maybe fuckya a little—Georgette asked him for a
cigarette and he told her ta smoke her own and she fumbled for a
moment until she was certain he was finished speaking to Camille,
then found them.

Rosie sucked at a glass of gin, sitting at Goldies
feet, and Georgette worried about Vinnie going with one of the other
girls and what they would say if he did . . . then stopped worrying
about what they might say but simply about keeping them away from
him. She wanted them to think he was her lover, but more than that
she wanted him as her lover. Even if only once. If only that. She
took another bennie with her gin and listened to the music. The Bird
was playing. She tilted her head toward the radio and listened to the
hard sounds piling up on each other, yet not touching, wanting to
hold Vinnies hand, the strange beautiful sounds (bennie, tea and gin
too) moving her to a strange romance where love was born of
affection, not sex; wanting to share just this, just these three
minutes of the Bird with Vinnie, these three minutes out of space and
time and just stand together, perhaps their hands touching, not
speaking, yet knowing ... just stand complete with and for each other
not as man and woman or two men, not as friends or lovers, but as two
who love . . . these three minutes together in a world of beauty, a
world where there wasnt even a memory of johns or punks, butch queens
or Arthurs, just the now of love . . .

and the strange rhythms of the Bird ripped to her,
the piling patterns of sound all falling properly and articulately
into place, and there was no wonderment at the Bird blowing love.

Then it was over and the background music came in and
Georgette looked up and her eyes cleared as she saw the sick look in
Harrys eyes as he looked at Rosies snatch. Her legs were raised and
she rested her head on her knees staring at a spot on the rug,
waiting, as always, for Goldie to speak and she would jump. Georgette
turned her head and tried to think the Bird back into her mind, but
she slowly turned her head back, unable to ignore Rosie, or avoid
thinking about her. Rosie had always been more than taken for
granted—she had never been thought of. Not even as a demented
human, but as a scooper: someone to scoop up the empties; to buy the
bennie; to meet the connection . . . Georgette looked at the spot on
the rug, then back at Rosies face. Who was Rosie? What? Did she
think? What did she feel? She must feel something or why would she
stay with Goldie? Had she ever loved? Was she ever loved? Could she
love? Georgette looked at the leer on Harrys face, the lust breaking
through the junk facade. If Rosie were to move Harry would jump up
and lay her right there—hold her arms, bend over her with his
leering face next to hers ( spit dribbling from his mouth) and shove
it in if he had to fight for—Georgette lifted her head so she
couldnt see his face. If Harry did have sex with her would she enjoy
it? Would Rosie feel anything? Did she ever think of it? Did she ever
long for love??? An analogy started to form and Georgette had to
fight it, she had to fight before it defined itself or she would not
be able to ignore or deny it. She popped more bennie and gulped gin.
She almost puked from the gin and in panic ht a cigarette and sat
still, smoking, until the nausea passed (the analogy becoming
fainter) then turned up the radio and concentrated on the music,
snapping her fingers, looking at Vinnie and hoping the bennie would
soon overtake the tea and Vinnie would get with it.

Camille asked Georgette what the name of the number
was that was being played, saying she liked it very much, and
Georgette told her, and who was blowing and Camille started moving
slightly in time with the music and Lee turned to her and told her
not to wiggle like a slut in heat. And I really dont see how you can
listen to that trashy music Georgette. You who love Opera so much. O
really Miss Thing—Camille moved back and sat still—take the
icecube out of your ass. Vinnie laughed and Georgette turned to him,
coyly, turning the volume up a little more and marked one up on Lee,
took a drink of gin and when the record ended and another came on she
asked Camille if she liked it, digging the glance she directed at
Lee—well dont look at me honey. Its your bad taste not mine—and
Camille wished she new what to say, if she liked it or not (did she
like it?), looked at Sal and shivered again. Its alright, I guess
(would he be as rough as he looks?).

The phone rang and Goldie tapped Rosie on the head
and she jumped up and answered it, then turned to Goldie and said it
was Sheila. Goldie listened, said yes and hung up. Shes coming home
with an all night John so we will have to go down to Miss Tonys. O
that place is loathsome. Well Lee, you can always go home, if you
have one. Rosie, heat up the bouillon. O I think youre awful, living
with a woman. O youre just jealous Lee. Why dont you just go about
your own business Georgette. Honestly Goldie, I really dont see how
you do it, even if she does support you and keep you in bennie. I
think that that is my business Miss Lee. Hey, whats all this bullshit
about? Were going downstairs to someone elses apartment. That is if
its alright with you Harold. I honestly dont see how you can have sex
with her Goldie. Or do you only eat it? O O OOO. Goldie flew from the
room and Rosie spit at Lee and ran after her. O for heavens sake,
dont be so touchy. The guys started stirring and digging the scene,
but didnt know from nothin, so they just shrugged and Georgette
looked after Goldie and inquired if she was alright and Camille was
much taken aback, after all this is not the way ladies should act.
And Lee is supposed to be so elegant. This sort of thing never
happened back home. But it is exciting and he is so manly; and Lee
said she was terribly sorry, I didnt mean to upset you dear. Its just
that Tonys place is so dreary, with the electricity turned off and
everything, and I guess I just have the rag on tonight anyway, so
they kissed and made up, and they all helped finish the bouillon
(with a few more bennie) gathered the gin and bennie and went
downstairs, the guys stumbling behind, not sure exactly what was
happening but having kicks and too high to care, and walked into
Tonys apartment.

She was sleeping so Goldie lit a few candles and told
her Sheila was turning a trick so they had to come down here and Im
sure you dont mind honey, handing her some bennie, and told Rosie to
make coffee. Rosie ht the small kerosene stove in the kitchen and put
on a pot of coffee. When it was ready she passed out paper cups of
coffee then went back to the kitchen and made another pot, continuing
to make pot after pot of coffee, coming in inbetween to sit at
Goldies feet. The guys slowly snapped out of the tea goof and soon
the bennie got to their tongues too and everybody yakked. Goldie said
she felt ever so much better. I guess I needed a good cry and she
passed around the bennie again and they all popped bennie and sipped
hot coffee and Goldie sat next to Malfie and asked him if he was
enjoying himself, and he said yeah, Im havin a ball; and Goldie just
floated along on a soft purple cloud, feeling luxurious and slightly
smug: a handsome piece of trade beside her; wonderful girl friends;
and a beautiful bennie connection in the corner drugstore where she
could get a dozen 10 grain tablets for 50cents. O this is divine. I
mean the candlelight and everything . . . it brings to mind Genet.
Genet? I fail to see how this reminds you of her. Whose this junay? A
french writer Vinnie. I am certain you would not know about such
things—I really dont see how all this gloom reminds you of Genet
(Georgette looked at Lee as she talked and glanced at Vinnie and
sighed. Vinnie will never have anything to do with her after that
remark). I mean she is so beautiful. Well that is exactly what I mean
darling. She creates such beauty out of the tortured darkness of our
souls—O well, yes. That is true enough—and I feel so beautiful.
Hey! wheres the shithouse. Georgette jumped up (Camille was shocked
and looked askance) and said it is outside. I will show you. Vinnie
walked past her, patted her on the ass. Thats o k sweetchips, I can
find it. Georgette whirled slightly and sat down, smiling and
chalking another one up. O it will be so wonderful . . . later. Rosie
was passing more coffee around and Harry asked her if she blew cock
and she fell back spilling some of the coffee. Goldie told her to be
more careful, you might have burned someone, and Rosie wailed and
buried her head in Goldies lap and Goldie told her it was alright.
Nobody was hurt. You can continue serving the coffee, and Rosie
smiled a smile of salvation and stepped over the feet and passed out
the coffee; and Georgette looked at the tears slowly streaking Rosies
face and glistening in the sepia room; and Harry thought it might be
kicks ta sloff it inna weird dame like that. Whattsa matta Rosie?
afraida my lob? Rosie backed out of the room and Harry laughed and
asked the guys if they saw the look oner face. Man, shes a real
weirdy. Whered yapick that up? Goldie said she found her somewhere
and Camille went out to the kitchen to see if Rosie was alright,
thinking Harry was terribly cruel and Goldie should not let them do
that to her. She did not see Rosie immediately and stared at the low
blue flame of the kerosene stove, the perking coffee looking like a
witches brew. Then she saw Rosie sitting in the corner, her head
resting on her knees. Camille was nervous, but felt she should try to
comfort her. She called softly, tentatively, then stood silent for a
moment listening to the coffee perking, the strong rhythm broken
every third or fourth beat with a double beat, then she looked back
in the living room and everyone was talking, drinking (Georgette
seemed to have been watching her), and when she caught Sals eye she
blushed and turned back to Rosie and called her again. Rosie sat in
the corner with her head on her knees. Camille walked over to her,
carefully avoiding the stove, asked if she was alright. Why dont you
come back inside Rosie, lightly touching her shoulder. Rosie jerked
her head around, bit Camilles hand, looked at her for a moment then
put her head back on her knees. Camille screeched and ran back to the
living room clutching her injured hand, extending it before her. She
bit me, she bit me, that crazy little thing. She turned in a circle,
arms still stiffly extended, jumping up and down. What thefucks wrong
wit you? O she bit me. O for heavens sake Camille sit down. Sit down.
O she bit me. Shaddup. Harry pushed her and she fell on Lee and they
screeched and tried to right themselves, but Camille kept falling
down as she tried to push herself up then remembered her hand and
halfway up she would try to clutch it and fall again, her arms
whirling in the air and she rolled off Lee and Lee fought frantically
to keep her skirts down, all the time yelling at Camille to get off
her and Camille finally raised herself to her knees and grabbed the
elusive hand and searched for the teeth marks. Dont worry little
girl, yawont get the rabyz. Lee sat up and smoothed her skirt and
threw Camille a vicious glance, O really Miss Thing, and took a
mirror from her pocketbook, examined her face then dove in her
pocketbook and extracted her comb, cosmetics and hurredly fixed her
face. Camille finally sat down and continued to examine her finger,
completely ignoring the laughter. O it was terrible. All I did was
try to speak to her and she bit me. She bit me like----like some kind
of animal. O it was terrible. Why didntya biter back? She/d get the
crud. Here, dipit in the hot coffee. Goldie was laughing as hard as
the rest but managed to lean over and offer solace and bennie. O yes,
please. She brought me down something dreadful. O . . . she scooped
up the bennie and dropped them in her mouth (with her good hand) then
picked up her coffee (with her good hand) and took a few tiny sips
until the bennie were down. Hey, what time does the next show start?
They were all laughing, except Camille, and Lee only sneered at
first, but when she finished putting her face on she too relaxed and
joined the party, each new remark bringing forth a loud guffaw and
refined laughter; Camille sitting with a peevish look on her face;
but the boys were having a ball, not too sure what they were laughing
about, but really digging the bennie scene, enjoying the cold chills
and the strange feeling in their jaws as they clenched and ground
their teeth (Harry wondering if maybe he oughtta go out to the
kitchen and straighten Rosie out); Georgette content to relax and
laugh ( she was 3 up on Lee ) yet still watchful for an opportunity
to regain the center of attraction; and Goldie was ethereal . . .
things were going so well and she was atingle with anticipation; but
poor Camille felt ashamed and tried to relax and laugh it off but O
it was so terribly embarrassing. She had carried on so; and Lee was
determined to maintain her aloofness (yet she did not want to
estrange herself from Goldie ), the aloofness that her beauty and
position demanded. The laughter continued even after they were too
breathless from laughing to continue dropping remarks, and Goldie
called for more coffee and Rosie made the rounds once more and
retired to the kitchen and started a new pot and sat in the corner
with her head on her knees. Goldie counted the bennie determining
that there would be enough left for a few rounds (and by then the
drugstore would be open) and handed more out. Vinnie asked for some
gin (spurts of giggling still coming forth) and Georgette offered her
glass but Vinnie refused (the code forbids drinking from the same
glass as a fag) so she filled a paper cup for him, hoping this would
not alter the score and glanced at Lee but she did not seem to
notice; and Tony said thank you after taking a bennie and wondered if
they would share their trade with her and trying desperately to think
of something to say or do that would draw everyones attention to her
and make them aware of her presence and perhaps Goldie would be
grateful and one of the men would find her attractive. She looked
around the room, smiling and rapidly blinking her eyes . . . then
jumped up and jerked open a drawer and took out a new candle. She
slammed the drawer closed and tripped lightly to the candle that was
burned to the bottom, lit the new one and placed it carefully over
the old one. There, that is much better, then sat down happily and
beaming at Goldie certain she would appreciate the act.

Everyone stared at the new candle and the shadows the
jerking flame created, still speaking softly, still smoking, still
sipping coffee and gin; watching the top soften and the first little
drop of wax seep to the edge and stagger down the side of the candle,
the wick glowing brighter and redder in the middle of the flame . . .
then another drop rolled to the first; and another started a new
stream as the flame bent and the edge sloped away and soon many
little drops were rolling down and piling up and flowing down the
side of the candle and everyone relaxed even more, calmed by the new
flame and slightly enervated by the laughing, and they sat deeper in
their seats and the guys stretched their legs even more and the girls
became softer and more coy; and their eyes eventually strayed from
the flame and everything seemed softer and even Lee felt she was a
part of the group and turned in her seat and faced the others and
started telling little tidbits about backstage life and soon they all
joined in and when someone was not talking they were listening to two
or three stories being told at once. Lee told them about how almost
all actors are gay (and even most of the church officials—and you
know who honey), and how the cast of one of the revues she was
starring in were pickedup and the club closed because they were all
blasting backstage— and their hands fluttered about and the guys
flipped their ashes—and I am telling you it was a scream. Caldonia
was just so high—I mean she had been drinking like crazy for hours
and she struts around Broadway and 45th st. crowing like a rooster,
COCKadoodledo COCKadoodledo—Im not shittinya, he was caught fuckin
a stiff. He was in the El witme. He worked inna hospital, you know,
in the morgue, and this nice lookin young head croaks so he throws a
hump inner—Rosie refilled all the cups and ran back to the kitchen
when Harry lunged for her snatch, and sat in the corner with her head
on her knees—well, you think you have weird Johns . . . well, I
have one that makes me beat him with his belt—O that is just
masochism honey— O I know that, but I have to be wearing a bra—ice
blue with lace and panties to match, and stockings and a garter belt
and he rubs his hands up and down my legs and snaps the garters until
I am just black and blue and by the time he comes I can hardly move
my arm—we got a weirdy like that in the neighborhood. He owns a
beauty shop in the 80s on third and comes around a couple a nights a
week— yeah, yeah, I know the guy. Hes got a new Dodge. Green. Yeah.
And he picks up somea the kids and takesem for a ride and paysem a
quarter ta fart—Tony kept leaning forward more and more, listening,
laughing, making certain that each one was aware that she was
listening to their story and enjoying it; trying to think of some
little anecdote she could tell, some funny little thing that had
happened or she had seen ... or even something in a movie . . . she
refilled her glass with gin, smiling at Goldie; nodded, smiled,
laughed, still trying to think of something funny, even slightly
humorous, thumbing through years of memories and finding nothing—Well
how about Leslie?—O!!! that filthy thing—she goes through Central
Park about 5 in the morning looking for used condums and sucks them.
Holy Krist. Well I have a john who makes me throw golfballs— we had
a kid upstate who stuck a life magazine up his ass and couldnt get it
out. The—O I love the ones who almost cry when they are finished
and start telling you about how much they love their wife and
kiddies. And when they take out the pic—O I hate those freaks—Hey,
how about that guy the Spook met in the Village that night who gaveim
10 bucks for his left shoe. The Spook toldim he could havem both for
10 bucks and his socks too—Goldie kept looking at Malfie and the
way his hair waved back into a thick d a; and Georgette leaned closer
to Vinnie and everyone seemed so close, as if they belonged to and
with each other and everything was wonderful—Did Francene ever tell
you about that Arab she met one night? Well honey, he just fucked her
until she thought she would turn insideout. O, that must have been
divine.—Camille looked nervously at Sal—It is so refreshing to
meet a man who will give you a good fucking. Yes honey, but she
almost had to have a hysterectomy. O was she—We had this here guy—

The door banged open and a young woman with a bruised
face and an enormous belly stumbled in and called to Tony. Tony
looked at the others apologetically then crossed the room to her
sister, led her into the kitchen and helped her lie down, took the
pot off the stove and turned up the flame. Rosie looked at them, at
the pot, but when Goldie said nothing she lowered her head to her
knees. Tony knelt beside her sister, embarrassed because she knew
Goldie and the others didnt like Mary, and asked her what was wrong.
She raised her head slightly then let it fall back and it seemed to
bounce on the floor (Goldie and Lee turned their heads, disgusted.
Camille stared and shook), then rolled it from side to side, moaning,
jerking up with a scream, clutching her moundish abdomen, banging her
head and arms on the floor, jerking her legs up then jutting and
spreading them out, grabbing Tony by the shoulders as another pain
ripped her and Tony clawed at her hands. Let go! Let go! O youre
hurting me, and the hands finally fell and she lay still and Tony
looked into the other room, hoping they wouldnt hold her responsible
for all this; and the queens turned their heads and the guys looked
blankly, taking another drag or another drink, a little curious, and
Tony asked if she should call the police so they could take her to a
hospital. You aint callin no cops. Not with us here—What am I going
to do? Why dont you just throw her out, the dirty slut. Shes going to
have a baby—O is she? I thought perhaps it was gas. They roared
with laughter (Rosie opened her eyes, her head on her knees, then
closed them) and Tony almost cried. (O why did she pick now of all
times? They would have asked me upstairs and we could have been
friends) Why dont you get the slob shes living with? After all, he is
the father, not us. I assure you. They roared again—how do you know
he is. It could be almost anybody. (Camille still felt a little
nauseous but she was determined to ignore it and be one of the girls.
) Hey, did she swolla a watermelon seed. Even Harrys belching brought
forth laughter, but everyone was becoming tense, especially the
queens. This could ruin a perfectly delightful evening. If this were
prolonged much longer it would bring everybody down and all the
plans—Mary bolted up! Screaming! Not just one short scream, but one
after another after another. Her face darkened and threatened to
burst. The welts on her face oozed and she sat as if propped from
behind, screaming, screeching, wailing, screaming . . . Tony leaned
back and banged into the wall (Rosie still sat with her head on her
knees) and Camille covered her face with her hands. The screams
scraped through their ears and her eyes bulged, her arms still lifted
toward Tony, her face becoming darker . . . then she stopped and fell
back, her head smashing on the floor and the screams and the sound of
her head hitting the floor resounded through the room and jammed in
every-ones ear and wouldnt leave like the sound of the sea in a
shell... O O OOOH! She broke water. She broke her water. The queens
jumped up and Harry stared at the spreading moisture. Get her out of
here. Get her out Get her out! Comeon yafuck, geter outta here before
the law comes. O shes bringing me down. That dirty slut. That filthy
whore. Rosie ROSIE! Get her out. Get her out! Rosie grabbed an arm,
but it was wet with perspiration and it slipped from her grip. She
pulled Marys skirt up and wiped her hands and Marys arms, then
noticing her face wiped it too and told Tony to get the other arm.
She tugged and Tony kept falling under the weight and looking
pleadingly at Goldie and Rosie screamed at Tony to pull, pull, and
Rosie yanked and Marys body jerked with each yank and shuddered with
each shock of pain and the sweat burned her eyes and blinded her and
all she could do was moan and moan and Harry got up and walked over
to them and said hed help. He got behind her and put his hands over
her tits, smiling at the guys, and lifted her up and Rosie yanked
again almost pulling them over, and they slowly raised the
mountainous Mary and dragged her to the door. Harry told Tony to get
a cab and he and Rosie would get her to the door. Tony left, and
Rosie held on to the arm, watching Harry, and they dragged her along
the hallway, water and blood dripping down her legs, to the door.
Harry asked Rosie how she was doin and she didnt move. Just held on
to the arm and watched Harry. He laughed and dropped Mary on the
floor and waited for the cab.

When Harry and Rosie came back everyone was silent,
shadows jumping on the walls, and Harry asked what was wrong, this a
morgue or some-thin, and sat down and lit a cigarette. Man, shes some
ton of a dame. She had a nice pair though. Couldnt get my hand
aroundem they were so big . . . The others remained silent, not even
smoking, and Rosie put the pot back on the stove and waited. Lee was
simply repulsed at the entire scene— thats a real drag though man.
Whatta yamean Sal? You know, havin a kid and some guy lumps
yaup.—Camille still frightfully upset—the others agreed with Sal
that it was a real drag to be havin a kid like that and a guy lumps
yaup. A guy like that should be dumped, the sonofabitch, even if she
is a pig—and Goldie and Georgette were anxious. They had been
planning and anticipating all evening and things were going so well
that it just wasnt right that everything should crumble now . . . now
when it was coming close to the time . . . and Georgette frantically
searched for something to say or do . . . something that would not
only save the moment and the night, but something that would make it
her moment and night . . . something that would once more make her
the nucleus of the night. She looked around the room . . . thought .
. . then remembered a book and yes, it was still there. She picked it
up, opened it, looked at it for a moment then decided to say nothing
but to start to read

Once upon a midnight dreary, while I
pondered, weak and weary,...
The first few words were low, tentative, but hearing
her voice above the breathing of the others, ringing through the
room, thrilled her and she read louder, each word clear and true

As of some one gently rapping, rapping at
my chamber door. "'Tis some
visitor," I muttered, "tapping at my chamber door . . .
and the others hushed and Vinnie turned his face
toward her

Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the
bleak December; And each separate
dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor. Eagerly
I wished the morrow;—vainly I had sought to borrow . . .
they were all watching her now (could Rosie be
watching too?). They were all looking at her. At HER!

Deep into that darkness peering, long I
stood there wondering, fearing, Doubting,
dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before; But
the silence was unbroken, and the stillness gave no token, . . .
the drama of the moment swelled her breast and the
poem came forth with beauty and feeling and the waves from her
mouth caused the candle flames to flicker and she
knew that everyone saw a Raven in the shadows

Let me see, then, what thereat is, and
this mystery explore— Let my heart
be still a moment and this mystery explore;—          
'Tis the wind and nothing more!" . . .
and she was no longer merely reading a poem, but she
was the poem and every word was coming from her soul and all the
wonderful shadows whirled around her

Then this ebony bird beguiling my sad
fancy into smiling, By the grave and
stern decorum of the countenance it wore, "Though
thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou," I said, "art sure no
craven, Ghastly grim and ancient Raven
wandering from the Nightly shore . . .
The guys were staring and Vinnie seemed so close she
could feel the sweat on his face and even Lee was listening and
watching her read and they all knew she was there; they all knew she
was THE QUEEN.

Nothing farther then he uttered—not a
feather then he fluttered— Till I
scarcely more than muttered, "Other friends have flown before—
On the morrow he will leave me, as my hopes have
flown before."          
Then the bird said "Nevermore." . . .
Vinnie was staring at Georgette and the shadows that
highlighted her eyes, then her cheeks, then her eyes . . . thinking
it was a shame she was gay. Hes a good lookin guy
and real great, especially for a queen . . . being honestly moved by
Georgettes reading, but even with the bennie stimulating his
imagination it was impossible for him to get beyond the weirdness and
the kick

Fancy unto fancy, thinking what this
ominous bird of yore— What this
grim, ungainly, ghastly, gaunt, and ominous bird of yore
          Meant
in croaking "Nevermore." This
I sat engaged in guessing, but no syllable expressing To
the fowl whose fiery eyes now burned into my bosom's core;
This and more I sat divining, with my head at
ease reclining On the cushions velvet
lining that the lamp-light gloated o'er, . . .          
She, shall press, ah, nevermore! . . .
and the Bird was blowing (can you hear him Vinnie?
Listen Listen Its the Bird. Can you hear him? Hes blowing love.
Blowing love for us) and the incongruent rhythms of the Birds whirled
and rang . . . then reconciled and O God it is beautiful

". . . Quaff, oh quaff this kind
nepenthe and forget this lost Lenore!"          
Quoth the Raven "Nevermore."
"Prophet!" said I, "thing of evil!
prophet still, if bird or devil!— Whether
Tempter sent, or whether tempest tossed thee here ashore,

Desolate yet all undaunted, on this
desert land enchanted . . .
and through a rip in the black shade she saw dancing
points of gray and soon light would streak the sky and the shadows
would soften and dance and the soft early morning light would seep
through the room pushing the shadows from the now darkened corners
and the candles soon would be out

And the Raven, never flitting, still is
sitting, still is sitting On the
pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door; And
his eyes have all the seeming of a demons that is dreaming,
And the lamp-light o'er him streaming throws his
shadow on the floor; And my soul from
out that shadow that lies floating on the floor          
Shall be lifted—nevermore!
and the Bird was blowing a final chorus, high, and
the set wouldnt end, but the Bird would slowly fade and you would
never know when he really stopped and the sounds would hang and roll
in your ear and all would be love—Quoth the Bird Evermore—and the
flames bowed and licked the edge of the candles and even Harry didnt
fight his lethargy and try to break the spell and Georgette lowered
the book to her lap with full dramatic presence and the final words
still whirled with the light and stayed in the ear as the sea in a
shell and Georgette sat on a wondrous throne in a wondrous land where
people loved and kissed and sat silent together, holding hands and
walking through magic nights and Goldie got up and kissed the Queen
and told her it was beautiful, simply beautiful and the guys mumbled
and smiled and Vinnie struggled with the softness he felt, trying
honestly, for a second, to understand it, then let is slide and
slapped Georgette on her thigh, gently, as one does a friend, and
smiled, at her—Georgette almost crying seeing the flash of
tenderness in his eyes—he smiled and groped for words, battling
with his boundaries then saying, Hey, that was alright Geòrgie boy,
then the knowledge of his friends being there, especially Harry,
forced its way through the bennie and the mood and he sat back
quickly, took a drink and grubbed a smoke from Harry.

The light forced itself through the many holes in the
shades . . . the candles slowly becoming anonymous. Goldie opened the
box of bennie slowly and proffered it to Georgette. She took two,
just two thank you, smiled and laid them on her tongue and sipped her
gin. They spoke quietly, smiling, sipping their drinks, at peace with
all and Georgette leaned back in her chair speaking softly with
Vinnie, and the others when addressed, all her movements: smoking,
drinking, nodding, soft and regal; feeling extremely human; looking
upon her world (kingdom) with kindness, softness; waiting, excitedly
yet not nervously, for the time, soon, for her to nod to her lover .
. . but the sun continued to rise and the room became brighter and
the girls became conscious of the perspiration streaks in their
makeup, hoping the boys would not notice it before they got upstairs
and had a chance to fix their faces. Goldie kept glancing at her
watch and listening to hear Sheila and her john leaving, wanting to
get out of this ugly room and upstairs with the boys before the light
brought them down and they lost what Georgette had given them; afraid
if a bennie depression set in that the boys would simply become rough
and not trade. She watched the room becoming brighter, too bright,
and listened, listened . . .

then she heard some (one) rushing through the hallway
and Tony opened the door—Goldies heart was pounding and she tried
to ignore Tony and listen for steps (four) on the stairs—and
started apologizing, looking hopefully at Goldie, before the door
closed and Goldie finally turned to her and told her to shut up. Tony
obeyed immediately (she had dropped her sister off at the hospital
and stayed in the cab and came right back, wanting to get back before
Goldie left; hoping to be invited to join them; she didnt want to sit
alone in that evil apartment and she wanted so much to be a friend of
Goldies, to get high with them and have other girls to talk with) she
obeyed immediately and stopped in the middle of a syllable and looked
around the room but they all ignored her—Goldie jumped up and went
to the door, listened then opened it slightly—so Tony walked across
the room (between them . . . between them. Theyre watching me. I know
they are. It wasnt my fault) and sat—Goldie turned and said they
left. Rosie, gather our things. They left. Tony sat, then got up and
walked around the room (not even a bennie . . . not one); went to the
kitchen, poured a cup of coffee (maybe I should have stayed with her.
Might just as well have) and walked back to her chair.

Goldie ran to the bathroom to fix her face. Georgette
picked up the half filled bottle of Scotch that the john had left and
poured Vinnie a drink, on the rocks, then turned on the radio. She
could see that Vinnie and the boys were getting higher and higher and
by the time the Scotch would be finished ( and there was still gin
and a fresh supply of bennie forthcoming) they would be searching for
the floor when they walked. O what a wonderful day. (She went to the
windows and fixed the blinds so too much light would not come in.)
Just simply too much. She visited different parts of the room,
talking, smiling, fixing drinks, singing (Vinnie, Vinnie), dancing;
even laughing with Lee. Camille ran to the bathroom, when Goldie came
out, with her hair brush, nail brush, finger brush and hand brush.
Goldie gave Rosie money for bennie then called Georgette aside and
asked her to be intermediary between she and Malfie and she told her,
Of course; and Goldie told her she had a box of syrettes and in a few
minutes when things are a little more settled we will go inside and
turn on. Georgette kissed her and really started swinging. A little
morphine now would be just perfect. O yes, just perfect. O Lordy . .
. MS and Vinnie!!! She filled a glass with gin and sat next to Vinnie
(should I offer him a shot too?) talking with him and the boys ( No.
Might ruin him ) and even Harry and his absurd remarks were palatable
(O God! I hope the bennie didnt kill his nature), but of course she
did her utmost to avoid any dissertation with him (If only the others
would leave we could sit together and he would kiss me and I would
caress his neck and kiss the lobe of his ear and we would undress
each other and lie on the bed with our arms around each other and I
would run the tips of my fingers along his thighs and his muscles
would tighten and we would both squirm slightly and I would kiss his
chest and feel his back and smell the sweat and put my legs around
his hips— Whatta yasay sweetchips? Georgette turned and started
opening her arms and Vinnie pinched her cheek, how about taking this
inside and ringing it out, standing up slowly his hand clutching his
crotch. Georgette lowered one hand (not now . . . later) and let the
other one slide along his leg. Wanna help me empty this? wavering
slightly then spreading his legs further apart and laughing as he
bounced his balls with his hand. She leaned forward slightly (no no
no!!! You will ruin everything) and he turned, still laughing, and
went to the bathroom (his eyes are bugging out of his head. O Christ
he is high. It will be beautiful!!!) and roared as Camille leaped
from the bathroom when he goosed her, dropping her brushes then
carefully stooping, watching the bathroom door, picking them up and
dashing to the living room.

Georgette sat back and sipped her gin for many
seconds. Harry got up and chirped at Georgette, stoned out of his
head, and plopped down beside Lee. Georgette followed him with her
eyes, still sipping gin and still fighting for control of herself.
She could not fuck it up now. It wont be long. It wont be long.
Vinnie and MS. Yes. She picked up the bottle of gin and refilled
Malfies glass and asked him if he would let Goldie do him. Malfie
closed his eyes slightly and smiled, took the glass from her hand.
Got more bennie? She patted his cheek and got two more for him and
went to tell Goldie that everything was arranged. O everything is
just so wonderful. Vinnie and his boys are stoned out of their heads
and soon she would have Vinnie. Goldie took her into the bedroom and
gave her a syrette. Arent you going to take one? Not now honey. I/ll
wait until after that big cocked guinea has fucked me. So Georgette
shot up and waited for the first wave to pass then went back to her
throne, next to Vinnie. He was yakking with Malfie and Harry—Lee
and Camille joining in, Goldie just watching Malfie and occasionally
laughing—and tugged Georgettes ear when she sat down. She smiled
and did a rolling bump before sitting down, nodding modestly to the
applause. Georgette whirled digging the scene and everybody was
swinging. Even Harry and Lee were making it and the sounds came from
the radio and Camille was snapping her fingers (a little too
demonstratively if you ask me, but its alright because we/re (Vinnie
and MS—VINNIE) swinging) and everything fell into its proper place,
all words fitted; and Goldie sat beside Malfie and he grinned, aspet
. . . una moment; and Camille felt real bitchy and daring and winked
at Sal and he tried to speak but he couldnt stop grinding his teeth
and his head just lolled back and forth, droplets of scotch dribbling
down his chin, but he was so strong and handsome—O what a marvelous
chin—and she giggled thinking of the letter she would write to the
pinkteas back home: O honey, do you know from nothing. What a
gorgeous way to lose ones virginity! Sal laughed and blurted, I gotit
swingin bitch HAARRR; and Malfie emptied his glass, refilled it and
followed Goldie into the bedroom and Georgette watched, floating
around their heads bopping SALT PEAnuts, SALT PEAnuts—quoth the Diz
evermore—Vinnie and MS—VINNie and MS—and Lee moved a few inches
and Harry grabbed her by the arm and yanked her back, Where doya
think ya goin, queeny, grabbing her wrist and forcing it between his
legs. I gotta nice hunkka meat forya and Vinnie yelled, Is she tryin
ta get fresh witya man? and they both roared and Lee started to
panic, trying to free her arm, but Harry squeezed tighter and twisted
until she screeched, Stop, Stop! Youre hurting me you vile fairy
(wonderful, wonderful. This should teach you a lesson you evil queen.
He is what you deserve. VINNie and MS—VINNie and MS—cause we/re
having a party and the people are nice, and the people are nice . . .
) and Harrys eyes bugged even more and he stood up and pulled Lee off
the couch, comon motherfucka. You wanna look like a broad ya gonna
get fucked like one (Camille shoved her fingers in her mouth, rose
halfway then fell back onto the couch and inched her way to the other
end (but hes not like that (?) ) )—Hey Vinnie, come-on. Lets throw
a hump intaer. Shit man, Im down. Letsgo. He grabbed her other arm
and they started dragging her to the bedroom, screaming, screeching,
crying, pleading and they roared and twisted her arms then Harry
grabbed her by her hair, her precious golden shoulder length hair,
and slapped her face. Comeon ya cocksucker. Stop theshit. Hey Maine,
open the door. Malfie opened the door and grinned as they dragged Lee
in, and Goldie shrieked and ran from the room, the door slamming
behind her. She listened to Lee screaming and the guys slapping her
and cursing as they ripped her dress off . . . then Goldie swallowed
a half dozen bennies; Camille looked at Georgette, who hadnt moved (
No, No! No you fucking bitch. VINNie VINNie . . . VINNIE!!! Not with
Lee. I love you Vinnie. I love you. He will see my red spangled G
string. Please Vinnie. Vinnie . . .), Camille looked at Georgette
then at Sal as he wobbled across the room toward her. No room in
there. He opened his fly and yanked out his cock ( Its so big. And
red. Be careful of your eyes. Put your arms around his ass) O???? O .
. . Sal? Sal dont. Sal? Please. Ple-I got a big lob forya. Sa—he
shoved it in her mouth and grabbed her
long-shining-wavy-auburn-hair—Lee stopped squirming as Vinnie and
Malfie held her and Harry mounted her. Vaseline. Vaseline! Please,
not without vaseline. Vinnie handed her the jar, then Lee said
alright then closed her eyes and cringed as Harry lunged viciously
then put her arms around him and her legs around his waist. Vinnie
and Malfie leaned against the wall and Harrys sweat fell on Lees face
and she smiled and sucked his neck and groaned, hoping he would never
come, that he would continue to lunge and lunge and lunge . . .-
Thats the way Camille. Thats it HAHA OOOOO Hey, take it easy with
yatongue, and Camille clutched at his belt hoping she was doing it
properly; and Goldie took the syrette from her pocket, calmer now
that the screaming had stopped, and though she did not approve of
Camille having public sex like that she had to admit that she did not
have much choice in the matter, and they did so seem to enjoy each
other ( I hope Malfie wont be completely useless after this), and
turned on. Everything seems to have developed beautifully—He had to
help his friends. Of course. Why shouldnt he help Harry fuck her.
Cause we/re having a party and the people are nice, and the people
are nice . . . —Harry took a slip from a drawer and wiped his cock.
I bet yaknow youve been fucked! Harry and Malfie laughed and Lee
watched Vinnie as he mounted her then closed her eyes and wrapped her
legs around his hips—Goldie went back to the living room and sat on
the couch, ignoring Camille and Sal, watched the smoke drift from her
mouth and the sound waves from the radio; and Sals legs shook and he
bent at the knees and Camille grunted and gurgled, moving her head
fantastically, digging her nails into his ass, trying to get every
inch of his cock in her mouth—Soon. Soon . . . (Quaff, oh, quaff
this kind nepenthe); and we will hear tugboat whistles blowing high .
. .—Sal put his pants over the back of a chair and stretched out
with a new cigarette and drink; Camille went to the bathroom with her
nail brush, finger brush, hand brush, hair brush and toothbrush —They
guys came out of the bedroom, sweat pouring from their faces, and
filled glasses with gin and ice. Lee called to Miss Goldie and asked
her if she could borrow a dress, and she told her, Of course. The
gorgeous blue number I wore to the DRAG BALL last year is in the
closet if you want it. Thank you, but I think it would be better if I
wore something simple, an afternoon dress will do. Something I can
slip out of easily. Yeah! HAHAHAHARRR The guys took a few more bennie
each and sauntered back into the living room. Hey Sal, whatta yadoin?
posin fa holy pictures? They all roared and Goldie looked with pride
at Malfie. Vinnie sat next to Georgette and stuck a wet finger in her
ear. How yadoin Georgie? O Vincent (of course he did not) dont do
that, squirming and trying to giggle but she couldnt fight the
momentum of the centrifuge and her face only twisted. Whats the
matta? got a booboo? You like the Bird? Bird? Hey whats withya
sweetchips, pinching her cheek and turning to the others, ya been
eatin birdseed? laughing and looking around the room. O snapping his
fingers, yamean the Raven thing. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Take me inside
Vinnie (?) dropping her hand on his leg. Whatsa matta? ya hungry?
rubbing her hand in his crotch. It takes loot tado me sweetchips,
looking around the room lifting his glass to his mouth, the gin
slobbering down his chin, how much yagot? I have love, I have
love—(Camille came back from the bathroom, fresh and clean, her
hair so neatly brushed, the highlights gleaming, swishing ever so
gaily across the room. O really Miss Thing, one would think it was
the first cock you ever sucked. Camille fluttered a few fingers at
Goldie and sat beside Sal)—I have love and the Bird. (O god not
after her. Vinnie. O Vinnie. Please. That was so long ago. So long
ago. When? When? It was my brother and the G string)— Lee stepped
from the bedroom and hurried to the bathroom. I dont know why she
doesnt keep at least a hair brush in there— (Goldies not half as
attractive as I) still silent and trying, trying to smile
coquettishly, but it wouldnt come, it wouldnt come. And the Bird was
gone. Gone! Only a Raven. Nevermore . . . and she whirled and whirled
and whirled and sounds whirled and smoke whirled and Vinnie laughed,
he laughed. Vinnie laughed and soon he would pick her up and carry
her to the bedroom ... A voice A voice. O God, not his john. I cant.
Not now. Not after—Lee clicked into the room wearing a pair of
Sheilas stockings and best shoes and sat daintly and looked at Harrys
wet, dirty, smug, leering face . . . happy, O so happy that she wasnt
a degenerate freak like that pervert; but loving his vicious prick
and the next time we will be alone and he can be as freaky as he
wants, and suck my tongue, and he will come around many times ... if
I want him to. She looked at Georgette and lifted an eyebrow. What
are you on honey? (bitch! Evil Bitch! Leave me alone!) Well common
Georgie. Getup somea those chips. Ya dont want yadinner taget cold,
doya?

She rose with dignity—come and get it
Sweetchips—and they walked hand in hand through the softness and he
gave her a rose and she laid it across her hand like a scepter and
gendy raised it to her lips and its fragrance was enchantment and she
smiled the smile of a rose, so soft, delicate, so lovely and the Bird
was there oncemore, blowing, and she placed the rose on its satin
cushion and let the robes slip from her body—Whatta yadoin?—and
they folded sofdy at her feet—ya just gonna suckit. Here yaare
sweetchips, and make sure ya dont biteit, haha—A rose. Rose! No. It
was Harry. Nevermore! Evermore. EVERMORE EVERMORE!!! O Vinnie, Vinnie
my love my love—Stop the shit man and start suckin. (my love, love)
He flicked his ashes, laughing, and took a drink. Will he groan? Make
him groan, and she opened his belt and pulled his pants down and slid
her hands along his sweaty ass (love, love) and he grabbed her ears
and laughed, and she ran her fingers gendy along his tightened thigh
muscles (now, brother, now!) felt the hairs on his ass . . . the
feeling, the feeling . . .—no. NO. O JESUS NO!!! Its just a smell
from the bed-Watch the balls fa chrissake—from Harry. Harry. Its
not shit. Please. He didnt fuck her. Dont let it be shit—the feel,
taste, smell— SMELL! Vinnie picked up the slip from the floor.
Youre alright Georgie, patting the kneeling queen on the head. Yacan
do me anytime. Too bad I didnt haveya upstate. We couldda had a ball.
She looked up at him and smiled. Vinnie? He looked into her face,
bent and patted her cheek gendy. Comeon Georgie, Lets havea drink.

She sat amongst her robes and watched him leave. Why
didnt he kiss me? If he would only let me kiss him. She looked at her
slacks and the small hole in one leg, running her finger tips over
the scab on her calf. Dance Ballerina Dance. Dreams? Now? When? When?
I had him. I did have him. He didnt fuck her. Smell, feel, taste ...
It was on the bed. From Harry. It was right. It is beautiful. It was
what I wanted. It is . . . is ... I had him. Vinnie. Again. She tried
to scrape the scab off the wound, sticking her fingernail under the
edge, but only a tiny piece broke loose; she felt the slime of puss
and tried to tear the scab loose with one quick rip . . . her hand
wouldnt move. It hurt. Pained . . . She covered the wound with her
hand and took a syrette from the drawer, found a vein in her arm then
put her hand back on her leg. And it was now. Now. It wasnt yesterday
and it isnt tomorrow . . . but there will be a tomorrow and there
will be dreams . . . fulfilled . . . fulfilled ... no it wasnt ... It
was Harry. Vinnie has me. Anytime . . . yes anytime . . . But Rosie
is different ... its not the same . . . She took another syrette,
toyed with it for a few moments, hit a vein in her leg then placed it
on the bed and rushed from the apartment. The others watched her
leave and Camille asked where she was going. O her libido is probably
twitching so madly shes going to run around the block 3 times. Yeah.
She wishes she had one.

The door banged shut and she leaned against the
banister until the nausea subsided then stumbled down the stairs
(Tony watching her) and out to the street. The sun was hot and bright
and light rammed and slashed her from windows, windshields, hoods of
cars, from tin signs, shirt buttons, bottle caps and slips of paper
lying in the street. Her gut glowed and she bumped against parked
cars, but she was moving, moving, and everything got brighter,
whiter, hotter. She clutched the railing and stumbled down the stairs
to the subway, the beautiful dark subway. Only a few people. No one
near her. She folded her arms and rested her head on the seat in
front of her. Cool. It cooled. Yes, it was cooler and her head was
beautifully warm and she would have Vinnie again and the next time,
some time, he would kiss her. And they would go out together. A movie
and hold-hands or go for walks and he would light her cigarette . . .
yes, he would cup his hands around the match, his cigarette hanging
from the corner of his mouth, and I will put my hands around his and
he will blow out the match and toss it away . . . but we dont have to
go dancing. I know he doesnt like to dance. I will wear a smart print
dress. Something simple. Something trim and neat. Vinnie? It was
Harry . . . No. No, I wont have to go in drag. We will defy them all,
and love . . . Love. And we will be loved. And I will be loved. And
the Bird will come in high blowing love and we will fly ... O that
evil bitch. I am a far more convincing woman in drag than Lee. She
looks like Chaplin. And I will dance like Melissa. If only I were a
little shorter. Well we showed Miss Lee up, didnt we
Vincent—(Georgette danced around the room humming tunes, in her
silk panties and padded bra, and a John sat naked, on the edge of the
bed, sweat sliding down his greasy body, touching the silk as
Georgette whirled by, playing with his genitals, licking his lips,
spit hanging from his lips; then she stepped out of her panties and
he grabbed them, buried his face in them and fell on the bed
groaning, groveling . . .)—No. No. Its now. Tomorrow. Vinnie . . .
yes, yes. Vincennti. Vincennti d/Amore. Che gelida mania . . . yes,
yes. Cold, O my beloved. Sì me chiamano Mimi ... Sì, A candle. Soft
candle light. . . and I will read to you. And we will drink wine. No.
Its not cold. Not really. Just the breeze from the Lake. Its so
lovely. Peaceful. See, just the slightest ripple on the surface. And
willows. Yes. Si. Majestic bowing willows looking at themselves in
the waters; nodding, saying yes to us. Yes, yes, yes . . . O
Vincennti, hold me. Tighter. Vincennti. d/Amore. O soave
fanciulla.—(Georgie is a friend of mine, he will blow me anytime,
for a nickle or a ) —The Lake. The Lake. And a moon . . . Yes . . .
Look. Look. Do you see there? A swan. O how beautiful. How serene.
The moon follows her. See how it lights her. O such grace. O yes yes
yes I do Vinnie, I do . . . Vincennti . . . See. See, she glides to
us. Us. For us. O how white. Yes. She is. Whiter than the snows on
the mountains. And they are but shadows now. But she glistens,
shimmers. The queen of birds. Yes. O yes, yes, Cellos. Hundreds of
cellos and we will glide in the moonlight, pirouetting to THE SWAN
and kiss her head and nod to the Willows and bow to the night and
they will grace us . . . they will grace us and the Lake will grace
us and smile and the moon will grace us and the mountains will grace
us and the breeze will grace us and the sun will gently rise and its
rays will stretch and spread and even the willows will lift their
heads ever so slightly and the snow will grow whiter and the shadows
will rise from the the mountains and it will be warm . . . yes, it
will be warm . . . the shadows will stay, but the moonlight will be
warm (Dance Ballerina Dance) Vinnie??? the moonlight will be warm. It
will get warmer. Hold me Vincennti. Love me. Just love me. But fields
of flowers are so lovely in the sun. In the bright flooding sunlight.
Warm and brilliant. And the tall grasses flow and part and the colors
burst and small drops of dew glisten and it is all red and violet and
purple and green and white . . . yes white, and gold and blue and
pink, soft pink and see the fireflies . . . like flowers of night ..
. o yes, yes, flowers of night. Soft little lights. Lovely little
lights. O, Im so cold. La commèdia è finita. No! NO! Vincennti.
Yes, yes my darling. Sì me chiamano Mimi. Georgie-porgie puddin n
pie. The Bird. Listen Vinnie. Bird. O yes my darling, I do I do. I
love you. Love you. O Vinnie. Vincennti. Your mouth, lips, are so
warm. d/Amore. O see how the stars soften the sky. Yes, like jewels.
O Vinnie, im so cold. Come, let us walk. Sone Andati. Yes my love, I
hear him. Yes. He is blowing love. Love Vinnie . . . blowing love ...
no NO! O God no!!! Vinnie loves me. He loves me. It.

Wasn/t.

Shit   

Part III

And Baby Makes Three

Thou shalt know also that thy seed
shall be great, and thine offspring as
the grass of the earth.    
Job 5:25
THE baby was christened 4 hours after the wedding.
Well, whatthehell, they got married first anyway. But I/ll tellya
man, it was a ball! I mean after. Her old man threw a great party.
And Spook with his damn motorcycle. Tommy had a 76 Indian. Hes the
guy who got married. He had this Indian—you know, one of those
small jobs. Not a onelunger. Nonea the boys would have one a those.
They can really move and all that, but theyre too small. Yawant
somethin that can be fixed up. Yaknow, made real sharp-streamers and
things and a bigass buddyseat with chrome. Man, the snatch really
comes runnin. Its real crazy! Anyway, he had this 76 and Tommys long
and kinda skinny and he sorta looked like the bike was growin
outtaim; like he had a bike between his legs instead of a pecka. And
when he kicked it over he just sat there like he was restin or
somethin and gave a little push on the peddle and BaROOOOM. All the
other guysd be standin with their bikes leanin and kickin and kickin
and the goddamn bike coughin and fartin and Tommyd sit on this pecka
with wheels gunnin the motor and retadin the spark soundin like a gun
battle and then hed ride around, slow, in circles and wait forem to
get their bikes started.

But Tommy was a great guy. Sorta quiet. Especially
compared with the other guys. And he worked. Mosta the time anyway.
He used ta go out with Suzy once ina-while. Hed taker ridin on the
bike and a few movies (I think) and they usually went to the
neighborhood beerrackets tagether. But we didnt know she was
knockedup until she was about 7 months gone. Maybe more. She was a
big-hipped Polack and even her oldman didnt know she was knockedup
until she was in the hospital. I suppose he didnt look very hard.
Yaknow, he was a bit ofa lush anyway. So when the oldlady toldim why
Suzy was in the hospital he flipped. But afta stayin juiced for a few
days he went slobberin up to the hospital cryin how he was gonna do
everythin for his little girl ( she was only a inch or 2 shorter than
Tommy and outweighedim by 40 pounds); and why didnt she tellim she
was in trouble and she just sorta looked and askedim for a smoke and
toldim she wasnt in any trouble and a week or so later the oldman was
like always studyin the scratchsheet and sippin beer until a liveone
came in. But I gotta hand it toim. He really threw a ball after the
christenin. It started after the weddin, but things really moved
after the christenin. Thats when Spook had a few beers and hadta go
ridin. Spook had the hots for a bike for months. 6 months before he
even got one he was wearing a motorcycle hat. Of course all the boys
with bikes woreem. No boots or jackets with eagles or anya that shit,
but yagotta have a hat ta keep ya hair outta ya eyes. Anyway, Spook
had this hat and he didnt have no bike. Hed sit in the Greeks all
nite and wouldnt part with that hat for nothin. Man, you try and get
that thing off his head and hed go outta his mind. Well, anyway, once
inawhile Tommyd let Spook ride his bike and Spookd be bugged outta
his mind. Hed spark the damn thing and bang it and blast it and yell
and scream and fix that damn hat of his and go rollin along 2nd
avenue making all kindsa goddamn noise. Then Tommyd waveim back and
Spookd make a slow turn and come backfirin up to Tommy, gun the motor
a few times, push the kick stand down, turn the motor off, and get
off real careful and sorta pat the seat and tank and tell him itsa
great bike. Real great. And the next day Spookd make the rounds of
all the bike shops downtown and stare at the jobs in the window,
droolin, and go in and pricem and the guyed tellim its still 1500
dollars just like two days ago and Spookd ask if he got any new
second hand jobs and the guyd shake his head and go about his
business and Spookd look around at the lights, seats, streamers,
windshields and boots and go half out of his mind and hed come back
to the Greeks and tellus about the great Harley-Davidson machine he
saw —a brand new model and he knew every goddamn strip of chrome
and every bolt and nut on the sonofabitch and ev-erybodyd laugh and
someone would sneak up behind him through the side door and take his
hat off and toss it around and Spookd go ape tryin ta get it back and
then someoned plop it on his head and we/d laugh and hed tellus that
we didnt know what it was ta want a bike. Fifty times a day the same
thing. You dont know what it is ta want a bike. Then somebodyd tellim
he could ride withim if he bought coffee-and, so Spookd breakdown and
part with a dime (it was pretty hard ta getim ta part with anything,
especially money. I guess he stashed his loot in a piggybank tryin ta
save for a bike.) and hed fix his hat and theyd take off and hed yell
GerOOOOnimOOOOO and theyd hit the Belt Parkway and weave between
traffic and Spookd be flipped off his ass yellin and screamin and
theyd get back ta the Greeks and hed say, Christ! I gotta get a bike.
Man, you dont know what it is ta want a bike, and off hed go the next
day, downtown.

Well, anyway, when Su2y told Tommy she was on the
lull I guess he was a little surprised. I dont know. He didnt say
nothin, but I guess he was. So she toldim and they went for a ride
along the Belt and on the way back they stopped at Coney Island and
had some hotdogs at Nathans and he was workin at the time and I guess
he tolder hed marryer. Anyway I dont think he said he wouldnt. It
really didnt make too much difference. I mean he had his bike. All
paid for an fixedup like he wanted it and they could move in with her
oldman and oldlady. Downstairs. So whatthehell. And I think she sorta
wanted to get married anyway. You know. But I dont know if she even
askedim. I mean, she coulda dumped the kid without too much trouble.
Theres all kinds of agencies. But Tommy was alright. He never
bothered nobody and hed never beaterup or anythin so I guess she
wanted ta get married. And like this she wouldnt haveta work. Just
feed the kid and that sorta stuff. So actually it worked out pretty
good. So anyway, Tommy comes into the Greeks one nite and tellsus hes
gonna be a father and Alex givesim a cupa coffee on the house and
Tommy lets Spook go for a ride.

So when her oldman dries out a little he tellser
(when she comes home from the hospital with the baby and she says,
thats grandpa, and the oldman starts slobberin again) that hes gonna
giver a real party and he goes and sees Murphy in the bar and tellsim
he wants ta rent upstairs for a weddin reception. And when Murphy
asks when he says he dont know, but itll be soon and Murphy tellsim
that the Raven S.A.C. is goin ta throw a racket soon so the old-man
tellsim two weeks and he leaves a deposit and goes home and tellsem
and they get a holda Tommy and he says OK and finishes shining his
bike so they set the wedding date and make arrangements for the
christenin. Of course they lied a little at the christenin, you know,
but the oldlady figured it was better forem ta he a little than not
have the poor little tyke christened at all. So they got the papers
and a few of the boys went withem and it was over in a few minutes
and then we went ta Murphys ta wait until it was time for the
christenin and ta figureout who was gonna be godparents. I think they
finally got some aunt and uncle, I dont know, but anyway that was
when things started swing-in. Murphys Hall is a big room above the
bar and he had bottles of whisky on a small bar in the corner and
kegs abeer and a big long table stacked with all kindsa sandwiches.
So we each grabbed a pitcher a beer and started scoffin the
sandwiches and Spook comes in and tellsus he got a bike. Ya shoulda
seenim. His eyes was bugged outta his head. I thought he was up on
tea or somethin, but he was just high with a bike. He picked up a old
police bike for a few bucks and fixed it up. You know, threw some
paint on it and stole a wildass buddyseat all covered with fur and
chrome, and was all fulla piss and vinegar ta go. We toldim ta play
it cool and relax and celebrate Tommys marriage. So someone pushed a
beer in his hand, but he flipped when someone tried ta get that
goddamn hat off his head so we said OK, wed go down stairs and look
at his bike. So we looked. Big deal. Yaknow, when the cops is
finished with a bike, man, its had it. But it was a bike and it
moved. I think that sonofabitch woulda used it even if he had ta push
it or pedal it like a kiddy car. So he kicks it over after 5 minutes
and we listen to it cough and miss and Spook went puttin off with a
shiteatin grin on his face and we went back up stairs and a few
minutes later he comes back. Smilin all over the goddamn place and
the strap of his hat under his chin. I tellya man, it was a pissa.
But whatthehell, we were havin a ball and we didnt know what it was
ta want a bike and pretty soon he was talkin ta Suzys old lady about
this bike and she was throwin the booze down like crazy and soon she
starts weepin about her poor little girl and tellin Spook how she
looked when she was born and it seems like only yesterday and now
here she is all grownup and married and a mother and Spook kept
noddin and said yeah, but all he really has ta do is clean the sparks
and maybe giver a carbon job—which he could do himself at nite and
it wont cost nothin—and itll run as good as any bike on the road
and when ya figure it only cost a yard its a damn good deal . . . and
long since Suzy had cut from the oldman and oldlady and was shovin
salami sandwiches down likemad and things was really movin. Of course
some a the skells from the bar worked their way up and congratulated
and grabbed what they could and when the christenin was over and they
came back with the kid everybody was tellin the oldman and oldlady
that it looked just likem (and man, the oldladys some dog!) and they
sniff and pound backs and tellem ta drinkup and somebody had a camera
and flashbulbs was poppin then smashed against the wall. Of course
the kid started yappin but they took care of it and the party really
started. They had a phonograph and a lot of real great records like
Illinois Jacquet and Kenton; and Roberta, a real hip queer from the
neighborhood, cameup and started danc-in and wigglin and somea the
boys was stoned and was dancin wither and she was havin a ball! Of
course she was up on bennie, like always (unless she got some pot)
and onea the guys askeder if she was the bride and she said no, she
practices birthcontrol and then she started dancin with Suzys oldlady
and oldman. That was a real gassa! She was still all snots and tears
and her big lardass was wigglin and we were pissin in our pants. Man,
it was a ball!

Of course Tommy didnt drink much. I mean, not because
he got married. That didnt make any difference now. He just never
drank much. A couple a beers now and then was about all. Ya know. But
he was sorta ballin. For Tommy anyway. The oldlady almost put a drag
on the party by diggin up a record with some dame singin Because, and
then she goes stag-gerin over ta Suzy and starts huggin and kissener
and Suzys tryin ta stuff a salami sandwich in her mouth and she cant
chew because the oldladys all overer. But Roberta really broke usup.
She was standin in a comer makin like she was singin and man, it was
a gas. You know, flutterin her eyelids (she had that shiny Stardust
stuff glued to her eyelids) and doin a few bumps and grinds and that
sorta stuff. But the oldlady didnt seeer ( I dont think she could see
much by that time) and she wanted to dance with Suzy and starts
waltzin around, stumblin all over and Suzy still holdin that salami
sandwich, but the record ended and Roberta threw a Dinah Washington
side on real quick and Suzy got ridda the oldlady and we all started
ballin again. Pretty soon the oldlady passed out and they stretched
her out on a cot in the back and we ended up in a corner jumpin with
the music and doin some real juicin and even Spook was a litde high.
Tony got real stoned and goosed some dame and there was a bit of
rumble with her husband, but it didnt amount ta much so we just
pushed Tony in the corner and letim sleep. Of course a few of the old
Irishmen started throwin blows at each other, but they didnt do any
real damage and as long as they didnt get too close ta the bar they
letim fight until they passed out.

But Spook couldnt sit still for long. He wanted ta go
ridin. Everybody toldim ta go, but he didnt want ta go alone and
everybody, but Tommy, was too stoned ta ride a goddamn bike. So Suzy
tells Tommy ta go. Whatthehell. Cant do anythin tonite anyway. You
know, too soon. And she figured shed look around for the kid and
takeim home and go ta bed. She said her ass was draggin anyway. It
was only two weeks or so since she had the kid. And it was a pretty
good size one. Eight pounds somethin. I dont know exactly, but
somethin like that. She said it was like shittin a watermelon. Havin
a kid. So she hunted around and found the kid and cutout. So Tommy
figured hed take a spin with Spook. It was a real nice nite. Just
right for ridin. And probably be in the house all day tomorra fixin
things. You know, puttin this here and that there and takin care of
the kid and that kinda stuff. So when Roberta sees Tommy gettin ready
ta cut she comes hustlin over and starts cooin at Tommy ta takeer for
a ride, shes feelin so depressed watchin somebody else with a baby
and gettin ready for a honeymoon, and she flutters her lids and
everybody cracks-up, so Tommy laughs and says OK and Roberta giggles
and waves bye bye and Spook is halfway down the stairs his hat all
tied under his chin and they cut.

Of course we stayed until they kicked us out the next
morning. I mean, whatthe-hell. The oldman paid good money for the
joint and everything. No sense in lettin it go ta waste.  

Part IV

Tralala

I will rise now, and go about the
city in the streets, and in the broad
ways I will seek him whom my soul
loveth: I sought him, but I found him
not.




The watchmen that go about the city
found me: to whom I said, Saw ye him
whom my soul loveth?        
Song of Solomon 3: 2, 3
TRALALA was 15 the first time she was laid. There was
no real passion. Just diversion. She hungout in the Greeks with the
other neighborhood kids. Nothin to do. Sit and talk. Listen to the
jukebox. Drink coffee. Bum cigarettes. Everything a drag. She said
yes. In the park. 3 or 4 couples finding their own tree and grass.
Actually she didnt say yes. She said nothing. Tony or Vinnie or
whoever it was just continued. They all met later at the exit. They
grinned at each other. The guys felt real sharp. The girls walked in
front and talked about it. They giggled and alluded. Tralala shrugged
her shoulders. Getting laid was getting laid. Why all the bullshit?
She went to the park often. She always had her pick. The other girls
were as willing, but played games. They liked to tease. And giggle.
Tralala didn't fuckaround. Nobody likes a cockteaser. Either you put
out or you dont. Thats all. And she had big tits. She was built like
a woman. Not like some kid. They preferred her. And even before the
first summer was over she played games. Different ones though. She
didnt tease the guys. No sense in that. No money either. Some of the
girls bugged her and she broke their balls. If a girl liked one of
the guys or tried to get him for any reason Tralala cut in. For
kicks. The girls hated her. So what. Who needs them. The guys had
what she wanted. Especially when they lushed a drunk. Or pulled a
job. She always got something out of it. Theyd take her to the
movies. Buy cigarettes. Go to a PIZZERIA for a pie. There was no end
of drunks. Everybody had money during the war. The waterfront was
filled with drunken seamen. And of course the base was filled with
doggies. And they were always good for a few bucks at least.
Sometimes more. And Tralala always got her share. No tricks. All very
simple. The guys had a ball and she got a few bucks. If there was no
room to go to there was always the Wolffe Building cellar. Miles and
miles of cellar. One screwed and the others played chick. Sometimes
for hours. But she got what she wanted. All she had to do was putout.
It was kicks too. Sometimes. If not, so what? It made no difference.
Lay on your back. Or bend over a garbage can. Better than working.
And its kicks. For a while anyway. But time always passes. They grew
older. Werent satisfied with the few bucks they got from drunks. Why
wait for a drunk to passout. After theyve spent most of their loot.
Drop them on their way back to the Armybase. Every night dozens left
Willies, a bar across the street from the Greeks. Theyd get them on
their way back to the base or the docks. They usually let the doggies
go. They didnt have too much. But the seamen were usually loaded. If
they were too big or too sober theyd hit them over the head with a
brick. If they looked easy one would hold him and the other(s) would
lump him. A few times they got one in the lot on 57th street. That
was a ball. It was real dark back by the fence. Theyd hit him until
their arms were tired. Good kicks. Then a pie and beer. And Tralala.
She was always there. As more time passed they acquired valuable
experience. They were more selective. And stronger. They didn't need
bricks anymore. Theyd make the rounds of the bars and spot some guy
with a roll. When he left theyd lush him. Sometimes Tralala would set
him up. Walk him to a doorway. Sometimes through the lot. It worked
beautifully. They all had new clothes. Tralala dressed well. She wore
a clean sweater every few days. They had no trouble. Just stick to
the seamen. They come and go and who knows the difference. Who gives
a shit. They have more than they need anyway. And whats a few lumps.
They might get killed so whats the difference. They stayed away from
doggies. Usually. They played it smart and nobody bothered them. But
Tralala wanted more than the small share she was getting. It was
about time she got something on her own. If she was going to get laid
by a couple of guys for a few bucks she figured it would be smarter
to get laid by one guy and get it all. All the drunks gave her the
eye. And stared at her tits. It would be a slope-out. Just be sure to
pick a liveone. Not some bum with a few lousy bucks. None of that
shit. She waited, alone, in the Greeks. A doggie came in and ordered
coffee and a hamburger. He asked her if she wanted something. Why
not. He smiled. He pulled a bill from a thick roll and dropped it on
the counter. She pushed her chest out. He told her about his ribbons.
And medals. Bronze Star. And a Purpleheart with 2 Oakleaf Clusters.
Been overseas 2 years. Going home. He talked and slobbered and she
smiled. She hoped he didnt have all ones. She wanted to get him out
before anybody else came. They got in a cab and drove to a downtown
hotel. He bought a bottle of whiskey and they sat and drank and he
talked. She kept filling his glass. He kept talking. About the war.
How he was shot up. About home. What he was going to do. About the
months in the hospital and all the operations. She kept pouring but
he wouldnt pass out. The bastard. He said he just wanted to be near
her for a while. Talk to her and have a few drinks. She waited.
Cursed him and his goddamn mother. And who gives a shit about your
leg gettin all shotup. She had been there over an hour. If hed fucker
maybe she could get the money out of his pocket. But he just talked.
The hell with it. She hit him over the head with the bottle. She
emptied his pockets and left. She took the money out of his wallet
and threw the wallet away. She counted it on the subway. 50 bucks.
Not bad. Never had this much at once before. Shouldve gotten more
though. Listenin to all that bullshit. Yeah. That sonofabitch. I
shoulda hitim again. A lousy 50 bucks and hes talkin like a wheel or
somethin. She kept 10 and stashed the rest and hurried back to the
Greeks. Tony and Al were there and asked her where she was. Alex says
ya cutout with a drunken doggie a couple a hours ago. Yeah. Some
creep. I thought he was loaded. Didju score? Yeah. How much? 10
bucks. He kept bullshitin how much he had and alls he had was a lousy
10. Yeah? Lets see. She showed them the money. Yasure thats all
yagot? Ya wanna search me? Yathink I got somethin stashed up my ass
or somethin? We/ll take a look later. Yeah. How about you? Score? We
got a few. But you dont have ta worry aboutit. You got enough. She
said nothing and shrugged her shoulders. She smiled and offered to
buy them coffee. And? Krist. What a bunch of bloodsuckers. OK Hey
Alex . . . They were still sitting at the counter when the doggie
came in. He was holding a bloodied handkerchief to his head and blood
had caked on his wrist and cheek. He grabbed Tralala by the arm and
pulled her from the stool. Give me my wallet you goddamn whore. She
spit in his face and told him ta go fuckhimself. Al and Tony pushed
him against the wall and asked him who he thought he was. Look, I
dont know you and you dont know me. I got no call to fight with you
boys. All I want is my wallet. I need my ID Card or I cant get back
in the Base. You can keep the goddamn money. I dont care. Tralala
screamed in his face that he was a no good mothafuckin sonofabitch
and then started kicking him, afraid he might say how much she had
taken. Ya lousy fuckin hero. Go peddle a couple of medals if yaneed
money so fuckin bad. She spit in his face again, no longer afraid he
might say something, but mad. Goddamn mad. A lousy 50 bucks and he
was cryin. And anyway, he shouldve had more. Ya lousy fuckin creep.
She kicked him in the balls. He grabbed her again. He was crying and
bent over struggling to breathe from the pain of the kick. If I dont
have the pass I cant get in the Base. I have to get back. Theyre
going to fly me home tomorrow. I havent been home for almost 3 years.
Ive been all shot up. Please, PLEASE. Just the wallet. Thats all I
want. Just the ID Card. PLEASE PLEASE!!! The tears streaked the caked
blood and he hung on Tonys and Als grip and Tralala swung at his
face, spitting, cursing and kicking. Alex yelled to stop and get out.
I dont want trouble in here. Tony grabbed the doggie around the neck
and Al shoved the bloodied handkerchief in his mouth and they dragged
him outside and into a darkened doorway. He was still crying and
begging for his ID Card and trying to tell them he wanted to go home
when Tony pulled his head up by his hair and Al punched him a few
times in the stomach and then in the face, then held him up while
Tony hit him a few times; but they soon stopped, not afraid that the
cops might come, but they knew he didnt have any money and they were
tired from hitting the seaman they had lushed earlier, so they
dropped him and he fell to the ground on his back. Before they left
Tralala stomped on his face until both eyes were bleeding and his
nose was split and broken then kicked him a few times in the balls.
Ya rotten scumbag, then they left and walked slowly to 4th avenue and
took a subway to manhattan. Just in case somebody might put up a
stink. In a day or two he/11 be shipped out and nobodyll know the
difference. Just another fuckin doggie. And anyway he deserved it.
They ate in a cafeteria and went to an allnight movie. The next day
they got a couple of rooms in a hotel on the east side and stayed in
manhattan until the following night. When they went back to the
Greeks Alex told them some MPs and a detective were in asking about
the guys who beat up a soldier the other night. They said he was in
bad shape. Had to operate on him and he may go blind in one eye.
Ain't that just too bad. The MPs said if they get ahold of the guys
who did it theyd killem. Those fuckin punks. Whad the law say.
Nottin. You know. Yeah. Killus! The creeps. We oughtta dumpem on
general principles. Tralala laughed. I shoulda pressed charges fa
rape. I wont be 18 for a week. He raped me the dirty freaky
sonofabitch. They laughed and ordered coffeeand. When they finished
Al and Tony figured theyd better make the rounds of a few of the bars
and see what was doin. In one of the bars they noticed the bartender
slip an envelope in a tin box behind the bar. It looked like a pile
of bills on the bottom of the box. They checked the window in the
MENS ROOM and the alley behind it then left the bar and went back to
the Greeks. They told Tralala what they were going to do and went to
a furnished room they had rented over one of the bars on 1st avenue.
When the bars closed they took a heavy duty screwdriver and walked to
the bar. Tralala stood outside and watched the street while they
broke in. It only took a few minutes to force open the window, drop
inside, crawl to the bar, pickup the box and climb out the window and
drop to the alley. They pried open the box in the alley and started
to count. They almost panicked when they finished counting. They had
almost 2 thousand dollars. They stared at it for a moment then jammed
it into their pockets. Then Tony took a few hundred and put it into
another pocket and told Al theyd tell Tralala that that was all they
got. They smiled and almost laughed then calmed themselves before
leaving the alley and meeting Tralala. They took the box with them
and dropped it into a sewer then walked back to the room. When they
stepped from the alley Tralala ran over to them asking them how they
made out and how much they got and Tony told her to keep quiet that
they got a couple a hundred and to play it cool until they got back
to the room. When they got back to the room Al started telling her
what a snap it was and how they just climbed in and took the box but
Tralala ignored him and kept asking how much they got. Tony took the
lump of money from his pocket and they counted it. Not bad eh Tral?
250 clams. Yeah. How about giving me 50 now. What for? You aint going
no where now. She shrugged and they went to bed. The next afternoon
they went to the Greeks for coffee and two detectives came in and
told them to come outside. They searched them, took the money from
their pockets and pushed them into their car. The detectives waved
the money in front of their faces and shook their heads. Dont you
know better than to knock over a bookie drop? Huh? Huh, Huh! Real
clever arent you. The detectives laughed and actually felt a
professional amazement as they looked at their dumb expressions and
realized that they really didnt know who they had robbed. Tony slowly
started to come out of the coma and started to protest that they
didnt do nothin. One of the detectives slapped his face and told him
to shutup. For Christs sake dont give us any of that horseshit. I
suppose you just found a couple of grand lying in an empty lot?
Tralala screeched, a what? The detectives looked at her briefly then
turned back to Tony and Al. You can lush a few drunken seamen now and
then and get away with it, but when you start taking money from my
pocket youre going too far sonny. What a pair of stupid punks . . .
OK sister, beat it. Unless you want to come along for the ride? She
automatically backed away from the car, still staring at Tony and Al.
The doors slammed shut and they drove away. Tralala went back to the
Greeks and sat at the counter cursing Tony and Al and then the bulls
for pickinem up before she could get hers. Didnt even spend a penny
of it. The goddamn bastards. The rotten stinkin sonsofbitches. Those
thievin flatfooted bastards. She sat drinking coffee all afternoon
then left and went across the street to Willies. She walked to the
end of the bar and started talking with Ruthy, the barmaid, telling
her what happened, stopping every few minutes to curse Tony, Al, the
bulls and lousy luck. The bar was slowly filling and Ruthy left her
every few minutes to pour a drink and when she came back Tralala
would repeat the story from the beginning, yelling about the 2 grand
and they never even got a chance to spend a penny. With the repeating
of the story she forget about Tony and Al and just cursed the bulls
and her luck and an occasional seaman or doggie who passed by and
asked her if she wanted a drink or just looked at her. Ruthy kept
filling Tralalas glass as soon as she emptied it and told her to
forget about it. Thats the breaks. No sense in beatin yahead against
the wall about it. Theres plenty more. Maybe not that much, but
enough. Tralala snarled, finished her drink and told Ruthy to fill it
up. Eventually she absorbed her anger and quieted down and when a
young seaman staggered over to her she glanced at him and said yes.
Ruthy brought them two drinks and smiled. Tralala watched him take
the money out of his pocket and figured it might be worthwhile. She
told him there were better places to drink than this crummy dump.
Well, lez go baby. He gulped his drink and Tralala left hers on the
bar and they left. They got into a cab and the seaman asked her
whereto and she said she didnt care, anywhere. OK. Takeus to Times
Square. He offered her a cigarette and started telling her about
everything. His name was Harry. He came from Idaho. He just got back
from Italy. He was going to—she didnt bother smiling but watched
him, trying to figure out how soon he would pass out. Sometimes they
last allnight. Cant really tell. She relaxed and gave it thought.
Cant konkim here. Just have ta wait until he passes out or maybe just
ask for some money. The way they throw it around. Just gotta getim in
a room alone. If he dont pass out I/ll just rapim with somethin—and
you should see what we did to that little ol . . . He talked on and
Tralala smoked and the lampposts flicked by and the meter ticked. He
stopped talking when the cab stopped in front of the Crossroads. They
got out and tried to get in the Crossroads but the bartender looked
at the drunken seaman and shook his head no. So they crossed the
street and went to another bar. The bar was jammed, but they found a
small table in the rear and sat down. They ordered drinks and Tralala
sipped hers then pushed her unfinished drink across the table to him
when he finished his. He started talking again but the lights and the
music slowly affected him and the subject matter was changed and he
started telling Tralala what a good lookin girl she was and what a
good time he was going to show her; and she told him that she would
show him the time of his life and didnt bother to hide a yawn. He
beamed and drank faster and Tralala asked him if he would give her
some money. She was broke and had to have some money or she/d be
locked out of her room. He told her not to worry that hed find a
place for her to stay tonight and he winked and Tralala wanted to
shove her cigarette in his face, the cheap sonofabitch, but figured
she/d better wait and get his money before she did anything. He toyed
with her hand and she looked around the bar and noticed an Army
Officer staring at her. He had a lot of ribbons just like the one she
had rolled and she figured hed have more money than Harry. Officers
are usually loaded. She got up from the table telling Harry she was
going to the ladies room. The Officer swayed slightly as she walked
up to him and smiled. He took her arm and asked her where she was
going. Nowhere. O, we cant have a pretty girl like you going nowhere.
I have a place thats all empty and a sack of whiskey. Well . . . She
told him to wait and went back to the table. Harry was almost asleep
and she tried to get the money from his pocket and he started to
stir. When his eyes opened she started shaking him, taking her hand
out of his pocket, and telling him to wakeup. I thought yawere goin
to show me a good time. You bet. He nodded his head and it slowly
descended toward the table. Hey Harry, wakeup. The waiter wants to
know if yahave any money. Showem ya money so I wont have to pay. You
bet. He slowly took the crumpled mess of bills from his pocket and
Tralala grabbed it from his hand and said I toldya he had money. She
picked up the cigarettes from the table, put the money in her
pocketbook and walked back to the bar. My friend is sleeping so I
dont think he/ll mind, but I think we/d better leave. They left the
bar and walked to his hotel. Tralala hoped she didnt make a mistake.
Harry mightta had more money stashed somewhere. The Officer should
have more though and anyway she probably got everything Harry had and
she could get more from this jerk if he has any. She looked at him
trying to determine how much he could have, but all Officers look the
same. Thats the trouble with a goddamn uniform. And then she wondered
how much she had gotten from Harry and how long she would have to
wait to count it. When they got to his room she went right into the
bathroom, smoothed out the bills a little and counted them. 45. Shit.
Fuckit. She folded the money, left the bathroom and stuffed the money
in a coat pocket. He poured two small drinks and they sat and talked
for a few minutes then put the light out. Tralala figured there was
no sense in trying anything now so she relaxed and enjoyed herself.
They were having a smoke and another drink when he turned and kissed
her and told her she had the most beautiful pair of tits he had ever
seen. He continued talking for a few minutes, but she didnt pay any
attention. She thought about her tits and what he had said and how
she could get anybody with her tits and the hell with Willies and
those slobs, she/d hang around here for a while and do alright. They
put out their cigarettes and for the rest of the night she didnt
wonder how much money he had. At breakfast the next morning he tried
to remember everything that had happened in the bar, but Harry was
only vaguely remembered and he didnt want to ask her. A few times he
tried speaking, but when he looked at her he started feeling vaguely
guilty. When they had finished eating he lit her cigarette, smiled,
and asked her if he could buy her something. A dress or something
like that. I mean, well you know ... Id like to buy you a little
present. He tried not to sound maudlin or look sheepish, but he found
it hard to say what he felt, now, in the morning, with a slight
hangover, and she looked to him pretty and even a little innocent.
Primarily he didnt want her to think he was offering to pay her or
think he was insulting her by insinuating that she was just another
prostitute; but much of his loneliness was gone and he wanted to
thank her. You see, I only have a few days leave left before I go
back and I thought perhaps we could—that is I thought we could
spend some more time together ... he stammered on apologetically
hoping she understood what he was trying to say but the words bounced
off her and when she noticed that he had finished talking she said
sure. What thefuck. This is much better than wresslin with a drunk
and she felt good this morning, much better than yesterday (briefly
remembering the bulls and the money they took from her ) and he might
even give her his money before he went back overseas (what could he
do with it) and with her tits she could always makeout and
whatthehell, it was the best screwin she ever had . . . They went
shopping and and she bought a dress, a couple of sweaters (2 sizes
too small), shoes, stockings, a pocket-book and an overnight bag to
put her clothes in. She protested slightly when he told her to buy a
cosmetic case (not knowing what it was when he handed it to her and
she saw no sense in spending money on that when he could as well give
her cash), and he enjoyed her modesty in not wanting to spend too
much of his money; and he chuckled at her childlike excitement at
being in the stores, looking and buying. They took all the packages
back to the hotel and Tralala put on her new dress and shoes and they
went out to eat and then to a movie. For the next few days they went
to movies, restaurants (Tralala trying to make a mental note of the
ones where the Officers hungout), a few more stores and back to the
hotel. When they woke on the 4th day he told her he had to leave and
asked her if she would come with him to the station. She went
thinking he might give her his money and she stood awkwardly on the
station with him, their bags around them, waiting for him to go on
the train and leave. Finally the time came for him to leave and he
handed her an envelope and kissed her before boarding the train. She
felt the envelope as she lifted her face slightly so he could kiss
her. It was thin and she figured it might be a check. She put it in
her pocketbook, picked up her bag and went to the waiting room and
sat on a bench and opened the envelope. She opened the paper and
started reading: Dear Trai: There are many things I would like to say
and should have said, but — A letter. A goddamn LETTER. She ripped
the envelope apart and turned the letter over a few times. Not a
cent. I hope you understand what I mean and am unable to say—she
looked at the words—if you do feel as I hope you do Im writing my
address at the bottom. I dont know if I/ll live through this war,
but—Shit. Not vehemently but factually. She dropped the letter and
rode the subway to Brooklyn. She went to Willies to display her
finery. Ruthy was behind the bar and Waterman Annie was sitting in a
booth with a seaman. She stood at the bar talking with Ruthy for a
few minutes answering her questions about the clothes and telling her
about the rich john she was living with and how much money he gave
her and where they went. Ruthy left occasionally to pour a drink and
when she came back Tralala continued her story, but soon Ruthy tired
of listening to her bullshit as Tralalas short imagination bogged
down. Tralala turned and looked at Annie and asked her when they
leter out. Annie told her ta go screw herself. Youre the only one who
would. Annie laughed and Trala told her ta keep her shiteatin mouth
shut. The seaman got up from the booth and staggered toward Tralala.
You shouldnt talk to my girl friend like that. That douchebag? You
should be able ta do betteran that. She smiled and pushed her chest
out. The seaman laughed and leaned on the bar and asked her if she
would like a drink. Sure. But not in this crummy place. Lets go ta
some place thats not crawlin with stinkin whores. The seaman roared,
walked back to the table, finished his drink and left with Tralala.
Annie screamed at them and tried to throw a glass at Tralala but
someone grabbed her arm. Tralala and Jack (he was an oiler and he . .
. ) got into a cab and drove downtown. Tralala thought of ditching
him rightaway (she only wanted to break Annies balls), but figured
she ought to wait and see. She stayed with him and they went to a
hotel and when he passedout she took what he had and went back
uptown. She went to a bar in Times Square and sat at the bar. It was
filled with servicemen and a few drunken sailors smiled at her as she
looked around, but she ignored them and the others in the bar ignored
her. She wanted to be sure she picked up a live-one. No drunken
twobit sailor or doggie for her. O no. Ya bet ya sweetass no. With
her clothes and tits? Who inthe-hell do those punks think they are. I
oughtta go spit in their stinkin faces. Shit! They couldnt kiss my
ass. She jammed her cigarette out and took a short sip of her drink.
She waited. She smiled at a few Officers she thought might have loot,
but they were with women. She cursed the dames under her breath,
pulled the top of her dress down, looked around and sipped her drink.
Even with sipping the drink was soon gone and she had to order
another. The bartender refilled her glass and marked her for an
amateur. He smiled and was almost tempted to tell her that she was
trying the wrong place, but didnt. He just refilled her glass
thinking she would be better off in one of the 8th avenue bars. She
sipped the new drink and lit another cigarette. Why was she still
alone? What was with this joint? Everybody with a few bucks had a
dame. Goddamn pigs. Not one ofem had a pair half as big as hers. She
could have any sonofabitch in Willies or any bum stumbling into the
Greeks. Whats with the creeps in here. They should be all around her.
She shouldnt be stitting alone. She/d been there 2 hours already. She
felt like standing up and yelling fuck you to everybody in the joint.
Youre all a bunch of goddamn creeps. She snarled at the women who
passed. She pulled her dress tight and forced her shoulders back.
Time still passed. She still ignored the drunks figuring somebody
with gelt would popup. She didnt touch her third drink, but sat
looking around, cursing every sonofabitch in the joint and growing
more defiant and desperate. Soon she was screaming in her mind and
wishing takrist she had a blade, she/d cut their goddamn balls off. A
CPO came up to her and asked her if she wanted a drink and she damn
near spit in his face, but just mumbled as she looked at the clock
and said shit. Yeah, yeah, lets go. She gulped down her drink and
they left. Her mind was still such a fury of screechings (and that
sonofabitch gives me nothin but a fuckin letter) that she just lay in
bed staring at the ceiling and ignored the sailor as he screwed her
and when he finally rolled off for the last time and fell asleep she
continued staring and cursing for hours before falling asleep. The
next afternoon she demanded that he giver some money and he laughed.
She tried to hit him but he grabbed her arm, slapped her across the
face and told her she was out of her mind. He laughed and told her to
take it easy. He had a few days leave and he had enough money for
both of them. They could have a good time. She cursed him and spit
and he told her to grab her gear and shove off. She stopped in a
cafeteria and went to the ladies room and threw some water on her
face and bought a cup of coffee and a bun. She left and went back to
the same bar. It was not very crowded being filled mostly with
servicemen trying to drink away hangovers, and she sat and sipped a
few drinks until the bar started filling. She tried looking for a
liveone, but after an hour or so, and a few drinks, she ignored
everyone and waited. A couple of sailors asked her if she wanted a
drink and she said whatthefuck and left with them. They roamed around
for hours drinking and then she went to a room with two of them and
they gave her a few bucks in the morning so she stayed with them for
a few days, 2 or 3, staying drunk most of the time and going back to
the room now and then with them and their friends. And then they left
or went somewhere and she went back to the bar to look for another
one or a whole damn ship. Whats the difference. She pulled her dress
tight but didnt think of washing. She hadnt reached the bar when
someone grabbed her arm, walked her to the side door and told her to
leave. She stood on the corner of 42nd & Broadway cursing them
and wanting to know why they let those scabby whores in but kick a
nice young girl out, ya lousy bunch apricks. She turned and crossed
the street, still mumbling to herself, and went in another bar. It
was jammed and she worked her way to the back near the jukebox and
looked. When someone came back to play a number she smiled, threw her
shoulders back and pushed the hair from her face. She stood there
drinking and smiling and eventually left with a drunken soldier. They
screwed most of the night, slept for a short time then awoke and
started drinking and screwing again. She stayed with him for a day or
two, perhaps longer, she wasnt sure and it didnt make any difference
anyway, then he was gone and she was back in a bar looking. She
bounced from one bar to another still pulling her dress tight and
occasionally throwing some water on her face before leaving a hotel
room, slobbering drinks and soon not looking but just saying yeah,
yeah, whatthefuck and pushing an empty glass toward the bartender and
sometimes never seeing the face of the drunk buying her drinks and
rolling on and off her belly and slobbering over her tits; just
drinking then pulling off her clothes and spreading her legs and
drifting off to sleep or a drunken stupor with the first lunge. Time
passed—months, maybe years, who knows, and the dress was gone and
just a beatup skirt and sweater and the Broadway bars were 8th avenue
bars, but soon even these joints with their hustlers, pushers, pimps,
queens and wouldbe thugs kicked her out and the inlaid linoleum
turned to wood and then was covered with sawdust and she hung over a
beer in a dump on the waterfront, snarling and cursing every
sonafabitch who fucked herup and left with anyone who looked at her
or had a place to flop. The honeymoon was over and still she pulled
the sweater tight but there was no one there to look. When she
crawled out of a flophouse she fell in the nearest bar and stayed
until another offer of a flop was made. But each night she would
shove her tits out and look around for a liveone, not wanting any
goddamn wino but the bums only looked at their beers and she waited
for the liveone who had an extra 50cents he didnt mind spending on
beer for a piece of ass and she flopped from one joint to another
growing dirtier and scabbier. She was in a South street bar and a
seaman bought her a beer and his friends who depended on him for
their drinks got panicky fearing he would leave them and spend their
beer money on her so when he went to the head they took the beer from
her and threw her out into the street. She sat on the curb yelling
until a cop came along and kicked her and told her to move. She
sprawled to her feet cursing every sonofabitch and his brother and
told them they could stick their fuckin beer up their ass. She didnt
need any goddamn skell to buy her a drink. She could get anything she
wanted in Willies. She had her kicks. She/d go back to Willies where
what she said goes. That was the joint. There was always somebody in
there with money. No bums like these cruds. Did they think she/d let
any goddamn bum in her pants and play with her tits just for a few
bucks. Shit! She could get a seamans whole payoff just sittin in
Willies. People knew who she was in Willies. You bet yasweet ass they
did. She stumbled down the subway and rode to Brooklyn, muttering and
cursing, sweat streaking the dirt on her face. She walked up the 3
steps to the door and was briefly disappointed that the door wasnt
closed so she could throw it open. She stood for just a second in the
doorway looking around then walked to the rear where Waterman Annie,
Ruthy and a seaman were sitting. She stood beside the seaman, leaned
in front of him and smiled at Annie and Ruthy then ordered a drink.
The bartender looked at her and asked her if she had any money. She
told him it was none of his goddamn business. My friend here is going
to pay for it. Wontya honey. The seaman laughed and pushed a bill
forward and she got her drink and sneered at the ignorant
sonofabitchin bartender. The rotten scumbag. Annie pulled her aside
and told her if she tried cuttin her throat she/d dump her guts on
the floor. Mean Ruthys gonna leave as soon as Jacks friend comes and
if ya screw it up youll be a sorry sonofabitch. Tralala yanked her
arm away and went back to the bar and leaned against the seaman and
rubbed her tits against his arm. He laughed and told her to drinkup.
Ruthy told Annie not ta botha witha, Fredll be here soon and we/ll
go, and they talked with Jack and Tralala leaned over and interrupted
their conversation and snarled at Annie hoping she burns like hell
when Jack left with her and Jack laughed at everything and pounded
the bar and bought drinks and Tralala smiled and drank and the
jukebox blared hillbilly songs and an occasional blues song, and the
red and blue neon lights around the mirror behind the bar sputtered
and winked and the soldiers seamen and whores in the booths and
hanging on the bar yelled and laughed and Tralala lifted her drink
and said chugalug and banged her glass on the bar and she rubbed her
tits against Jacks arm and he looked at her wondering how many
blackheads she had on her face and if that large pimple on her cheek
would burst and ooze and he said something to Annie then roared and
slapped her leg and Annie smiled and wrote Tralala off and the cash
register kachanged and the smoke just hung and Fred came and joined
the party and Tralala yelled for another drink and asked Fred how he
liked her tits and he poked them with a finger and said I guess
theyre real and Jack pounded the bar and laughed and Annie cursed
Tralala and tried to get them to leave and they said lets stay for a
while, we/re having fun and Fred winked and someone rapped a table
and roared and a glass fell to the floor and the smoke fell when it
reached the door and Tralala opened Jacks fly and smiled and he
closed it 5 6 7 times laughing and stared at the pimple and the
lights blinked and the cashregister crooned kachang kachang and
Tralala told Jack she had big tits and he pounded the bar and laughed
and Fred winked and laughed and Ruthy and Annie wanted to leave
before something screwed up their deal and wondered how much money
they had and hating to see them spend it on Tralala and Tralala
gulped her drinks and yelled for more and Fred and Jack laughed and
winked and pounded the bar and another glass fell to the floor and
someone bemoaned the loss of a beer and two hands fought their way up
a skirt under a table and she blew smoke in their faces and someone
passedout and his head fell on the table and a beer was grabbed
before it fell and Tralala glowed she had it made and she/d shove it
up Annies ass or anybody elses and she gulped another drink and it
spilled down her chin and she hung on Jacks neck and rubbed her chest
against his cheek and he reached up and turned them like knobs and
roared and Tralala smiled and O she had it made now and piss on all
those mothafuckas and someone walked a mile for a smile and someone
pulled the drunk out of the booth and dropped him out the back door
and Tralala pulled her sweater up and bounced her tits on the palms
of her hands and grinned and grinned and grinned and Jack and Fred
whooped and roared and the bartender told her to put those goddamn
things away and get thehellouta-here and Ruthy and Annie winked and
Tralala slowly turned around bouncing them hard on her hands
exhibiting her pride to the bar and she smiled and bounced the
biggest most beautiful pair of tits in the world on her hands and
someone yelled is that for real and Tralala shoved them in his face
and everyone laughed and another glass fell from a table and guys
stood and looked and the hands came out from under the skirt and beer
was poured on Tralalas tits and someone yelled that she had been
christened and the beer ran down her stomach and dripped from her
nipples and she slapped his face with her tits and someone yelled
youll smotherim ta death—what a way to die— hey, whats for
desert—I said taput those goddamn things away ya fuckin
hippopotamus and Tralala told him she had the prettiest tits in the
world and she fell against the jukebox and the needle scraped along
the record sounding like a long belch and someone yelled all tits and
no cunt and Tralala told him to comeon and find out and a drunken
soldier banged out of a booth and said comeon and glasses fell and
Jack knocked over his stool and fell on Fred and they hung over the
bar nearing hysteria and Ruthy hoped she wouldnt get fired because
this was a good deal and Annie closed her eyes and laughed relieved
that they wouldnt have to worry about Tralala and they didnt spend
too much money and Tralala still bounced her tits on the palms of her
hands turning to everyone as she was dragged out the door by the arm
by 2 or 3 and she yelled to Jack to comeon and she/d fuckim blind not
like that fuckin douchebag he was with and someone yelled we/re
coming and she was dragged down the steps tripping over someones feet
and scraping her ankles on the stone steps and yelling but the mob
not slowing their pace dragged her by an arm and Jack and Fred still
hung on the bar roaring and Ruthy took off her apron getting ready to
leave before something happened to louse up their deal and the 10 or
15 drunks dragged Tralala to a wrecked car in the lot on the corner
of 57th street and yanked her clothes off and pushed her inside and a
few guys fought to see who would be first and finally a sort of line
was formed everyone yelling and laughing and someone yelled to the
guys on the end to go get some beer and they left and came back with
cans of beer which were passed around the daisychain and the guys
from the Greeks cameover and some of the other kids from the
neighborhood stood around watching and waiting and Tralala yelled and
shoved her tits into the faces as they occurred before her and beers
were passed around and the empties dropped or thrown and guys left
the car and went back on line and had a few beers and waited their
turn again and more guys came from Willies and a phone call to the
Armybase brought more seamen and doggies and more beer was brought
from Willies and Tralala drank beer while being laid and someone
asked if anyone was keeping score and someone yelled who can count
that far and Tralalas back was streaked with dirt and sweat and her
ankles stung from the sweat and dirt in the scrapes from the steps
and sweat and beer dripped from the faces onto hers but she kept
yelling she had the biggest goddamn pair of tits in the world and
someone answered ya bet ya sweet ass yado and more came 40 maybe 50
and they screwed her and went back on line and had a beer and yelled
and laughed and someone yelled that the car stunk of cunt so Tralala
and the seat were taken out of the car and laid in the lot and she
lay there naked on the seat and their shadows hid her pimples and
scabs and she drank flipping her tits with the other hand and
somebody shoved the beer can against her mouth and they all laughed
and Tralala cursed and spit out a piece of tooth and someone shoved
it again and they laughed and yelled and the next one mounted her and
her lips were split this time and the blood trickled to her chin and
someone mopped her brow with a beer soaked handkerchief and another
can of beer was handed to her and she drank and yelled about her tits
and another tooth was chipped and the split in her lips was widened
and everyone laughed and she laughed and she drank more and more and
soon she passedout and they slapped her a few times and she mumbled
and turned her head but they couldnt revive her so they continued to
fuck her as she lay unconscious on the seat in the lot and soon they
tired of the dead piece and the daisychain brokeup and they went back
to Willies the Greeks and the base and the kids who were watching and
waiting to take a turn took out their disappointment on Tralala and
tore her clothes to small scraps put out a few cigarettes on her
nipples pissed on her jerkedoff on her jammed a broomstick up her
snatch then bored they left her lying amongst the broken bottles
rusty cans and rubble of the lot and Jack and Fred and Ruthy and
Annie stumbled into a cab still laughing and they leaned toward the
window as they passed the lot and got a good look at Tralala lying
naked covered with blood urine and semen and a small blot forming on
the seat between her legs as blood seeped from her crotch and Ruthy
and Annie happy and completely relaxed now that they were on their
way downtown and their deal wasnt lousedup and they would have plenty
of money and Fred looking through the rear window and Jack pounding
his leg and roaring with laughter ....   

Part V

Strike

I went by the field of the slothful,
and by the vineyard of the man void of
understanding;

And, lo, it was all grown over with
thorns, and nettles had covered the face
thereof, and the stone wall thereof was
broken down.   
Proverbs 24: 30, 31
HARRY looked at his son as he lay on the table
playing with a diaper. He covered his head with it and giggled. Harry
watched him wave the diaper for a few seconds, He looked at his sons
penis. He stared at it then touched it. He wondered if an 8 month old
kid could feel anything different there. Maybe it felt the same no
matter where you touched him. It got hard sometimes when he had to
piss, but he didnt think that meant anything. His hand was still on
his sons penis when he heard his wife walking into the room. He
pulled his hand away. He stood back. Mary took the clean diaper from
the babys hand and kissed his stomach. Harry watched her rub the
babys stomach with her cheek, her neck brushing his penis
occasionally. It looked as if she were going to put it in her mouth.
He turned away. His stomach knotted, a slight nausea starting. He
went into the living room. Mary dressed the baby and put him in the
crib. Harry heard her jostling the crib. Heard the baby sucking on
his bottle. The muscles and nerves of Harrys body twisted and
vibrated. He wished to krist he could take the sounds and shove them
up her ass. Take the goddamn kid and jam it back up her snatch. He
picked up the t v guide, looked at his watch, slid his finger down
the column of numbers, twice, then turned on the set and twirled the
dials. In a few minutes his wife came into the room, stood alongside
Harry and rubbed the back of his neck. What show you watchin? I dont
know, twisting his head and leaning away from her hand. She walked
over to the coffee table, took a cigarette from the pack on the table
and sat on the couch. When Harry shook her hand from his neck she
felt disappointed for a second, but it passed. She understood. Harry
was funny sometimes. Probably worrying about the job, what with the
chance of there being a strike and everything. Thats probably what it
is.

Harry tried to ignore the presence of his wife but no
matter how he stared at the t v, or covered the side of his head with
his hand, he was still conscious of her being there. There! Sitting
on the couch. Looking at him. Smiling. For krists sake, what thefuck
she smilin at? Got hot fuckin pants again. Always breakin my balls.
Wish takrist there was somethin good on t v. Why cant they have
fights on Tuesday nights. They think people only wanna look at fights
on Fridays? What the fuck ya smilin at?

Harry yawned, turning his head and trying to hide his
face with his hand—Mary said nothing, just smiled— trying to
interest himself in the show, whatever it was; trying to stay awake
until she went to sleep. If only the fuckin bitch would go tabed.
Married over a year and you could count the times she went to sleep
first. He looked at the t v; smoked, and ignored Mary. He yawned
again unable to hide it it came so quickly. He tried to swallow it in
the middle, tried to cough or some damn thing, but all he could do
was let his mouth hang open and groan. Its gettin kindda late Harry,
why dont we go tabed? You go. Im gonna have anotha cigarette. She
thought for a moment of having another one too, but figured she/d
better not. Harry got very aggravated, when he was like this, if you
bothered him too much. She got up, stroking the back of his neck as
she passed— Harry jerking his head forward—and went into the
bedroom.

Harry knew she would still be awake when he went to
bed. The tv was still on but Harry wasnt watching it. Eventually the
cigarette was too short to allow him to take another drag. He dropped
it in the ashtray.

Mary rolled over onto her back when Harry came into
the room. She said nothing, but watched him undress—Harry turning
his back toward her and piling his clothes on the chair by the
bed—Mary looking at the hair on the base of his spine, thinking of
the dirt ingrained in the callouses on his hands and under his finger
nails. Harry sat on the edge of the bed for a moment, but it was
inevitable: he would have to lie down next to her. He lowered his
head to the pillow then lifted his legs onto the bed, Mary holding
the covers up so he could slide his legs nnder. She pulled the covers
up to his chest and leaned on her side facing him. Harry turned on
his side facing away from her. Mary rubbed his neck, his shoulders,
then his back. Harry wished takrist she/d go to sleep and leave him
alone. He felt her hand going lower down his back, hoping nothing
would happen; hoping he could fall asleep (he had thought that after
he got married he would get used to it); wishing he could turn over
and slap her across the goddamn face and tell her to stop—krist,
how many times had he thought of smashing her head. He tried thinking
of something so he could ignore her and what she was doing and what
was happening. He tried to concentrate on the fight he saw on t v
last friday where Pete Laughlin beat the shit out of some fuckin
nigga and had him bleedin all over the face and the ref finally
stopped the fight in the 6th and Harry was madashell that he stopped
it . . . but still he was conscious of her hand on his thigh. He
tried remembering how the boss looked last week when he told him off
again—he smiled twistedly—that bastard, he cant shove me around.
I tellim right to his face. Vice President. Shit, He knows he cant
fuck with me. Id have the whole plant shut down in 5 minutes—the
caressing hand still there. He could control nothing. The fuckin
bitch. Why cant she just leave me alone. Why dont she goaway
somewhere with that fuckin kid. Id like ta rip her cunt right the
fuck outta her.

He squeezed his eyes shut so hard they pained then
suddenly rolled over on Mary, hitting her on the head with his elbow,
squeezing her hand between his legs as he turned, almost breaking her
wrist—Mary stunned for a moment, hearing more than feeling his
elbow hit her; struggling to free her hand; seeing his body on hers;
feeling his weight, his hand groping for her crotch . . . then she
relaxed and put her arms around him. Harry fumbled at her crotch
anxious and clumsy with anger; wanting to pile drive his cock into
her, but when he tried he scratched and burned the head and he
instinctively stopped for a second, but his anger and hatred started
him lunging and lunging until he finally was all the way in—Mary
wincing slightly then sighing—and Harry shoved and pounded as hard
as he could, wanting to drive the fucking thing out of the top of her
head; wishing he could put on a rubber dipped in iron filings or
ground glass and rip her guts out—Mary wrapping her legs around his
and tightening her arms around his back, biting his neck, rolling
from side to side with excitement as she felt all of his cock going
in her again and again—Harry physically numb, feeling neither pain
nor pleasure, but moving with the force and automation of a machine;
unable now to even formulate a vague thought, the attempt at thought
being jumbled by his anger and hatred; not even capable of trying to
determine if he was hurting her, completely unaware of the pleasure
he was giving his wife; his mind not allowing him to reach the quick
climax he wanted so he could roll off and over; unaware that his
brutality in bed was the one thing that kept his wife clinging to him
and the harder he tried to drive her away, to split her guts with his
cock, the closer and tighter she clung to him—and Mary rolled from
side to side half faint with excitement, enjoying one orgasm,
another, while Harry continued driving and pounding until eventually
the semen flowed, Harry continuing with the same rhythm and force,
feeling nothing, until his energy drained with the semen and he
stopped suddenly, suddenly nauseous with disgust. He quickly rolled
off his wife and lay on his side, his back toward her, and gripped
the pillow with his hands, almost tearing it, his face buried in it,
almost crying; his stomach crawling with nausea; his disgust seeming
to wrap itself around him as a snake slowly, methodically and
painfully squeezing the life from him, but each time it reached the
point where just the slightest more pressure would bring an end to
everything: life, misery, pain, it stopped tightening, retained the
pressure and Harry just hung there his body alive with pain, his mind
sick with disgust. He moaned and Mary reached over and touched his
shoulder, her body still tingling. She closed her eyes, her body
relaxing, and soon went to sleep, her hand slowly sliding from Harrys
shoulder.

Harry could do nothing but endure the nausea and
slimy disgust. He wanted to smoke a cigarette, but was afraid, afraid
that the slightest movement, even the taking of a deep breath, would
cause him to heave his guts up; afraid even to swallow. So he just
lay there, a sour taste in his throat; his stomach seeming to be
pressuring against his palate; his face still buried in the pillow;
his eyes tightly squeezed shut; concentrating on his stomach, trying
to think the pressure and foul taste away or, if not, at least
control it. He knew, after years of fighting it, losing each time and
ending up hanging over a bowl or sink if he was lucky enough to make
it there, that this was all he could do. Nothing else would help.
Except crying. And he was no longer able to cry. He had many times,
locked in a bathroom or on the street after running from the woman he
had been with, but now the tears no longer rilled from his eyes, even
if he tried relaxing and allowing them to, his eyes just ached,
feeling swollen and damp, unrelieved, just as the pressure at his
throat remained constant and unrelieved. He just lay there ... if
only something would happen. He clutched harder at the pillow;
clenched his jaw tighter until a piercing pain in his ear and a spasm
in his neck muscles forced him to relax. His body jerked slightly,
involuntarily. Nothing broke through or even slightly grayed the
darkness; his eyes were shut and his head was jammed in the
hemispherical blackness, the boundaries unseen, unfelt, to Harry
nonexistent. It was just black.

He tightened the muscles in his toes until they
cramped, the pain increasing; trying to concentrate on the pain
enough to forget everything else. His toes felt as if they would
shatter and his feet started to cramp, then the calfs of his legs,
and still he didnt relax his muscles until the pain became unbearable
and he wanted to scream and only then he relaxed but the muscles
remained tightened and he had to direct all his energy to the
relaxing of the muscles before the pain killed him. His calves still
ached, though they started to loosen slightly, but his feet felt as
if they were going to twist and bend back upon themselves and his
toes felt as if they were going to snap. His ears and neck started
paining again from the clenching of his jaw-one thing though
accomplished, he was no longer aware of the nausea and disgust, of
the pressure against his throat and the taste of bile—his ears and
neck pained though he was only vaguely aware of it. His calves
loosened a little more and slowly the muscles relaxed until his feet
and then his toes started to straighten and he then became aware of
the ache in his jaw, then that too started slowly to lessen and
eventually the cramps and pains disappeared and he loosened his grip
slightly on the pillow and lay there, enervated, sweating, feeling
for a moment nothing but weakness, then slowly aware of his throat
and stomach, the disgust and nausea forcing themselves upon his
consciousness again. If something would happen . . . tears pounded
against his eyes but couldnt force their way through, something . . .
anything . . . krist. jesus fuckin krist. He allowed his eyes to
open—the tears still pounding behind his eyes. His eyes focused on
the bureau: there were two large knobs, a smaller one above, another
large one to the side; a wall. His eyes started to smart from sweat.
He wiped his face against the pillow. He turned his head slightly
until he could see the ceiling. Now his vision reached to an end. The
ceiling was there. The walls were there. No mysteries. Nothing
hidden. There was something to be seen. It had an order. His eyes
felt better. No longer felt pinched. No longer afraid to look. Now he
had to move. The pressure must have gone down. It was still there,
but it must have lessened. It must have. Should be able to move. He
swallowed . . . again ... his throat burned with the bitterness. He
lay completely immobile. Not breathing. Stomach bubbling, trying to
erupt. Throat pulsating. Burning. He swallowed again . . . breathed.
Shallowly. Eruption subsiding slightly. Throat quieting. Still
burning. Swallowed . . . breathed . . . slowly pulled his legs up . .
. let them slide over the side of the bed. Sat up slowly. Not
breathing. Contracting his nostrils. Sucking air gently between his
teeth ... he stood. Rubbed his face . . . went slowly to the parlor.
Sat down and lit a cigarette and stared out the window. Smoked.
Nothing on the street. No one. Car parked across the street, empty.
Lit a second cigarette from the first. Throat burned, but stomach
relaxing. Nausea no longer critical. Still there though. Foul. Mouth
tasted foul. He sat and smoked. Stared. Eyes damp. Aching. No tears.
Dropped the cigarette in the ashtray. Rubbed his face. Went back to
bed. Stared at the ceiling until his eyes started to close. If
something would happen. What? What? What could happen?? For what?
About what? His eyes burned and watered. Couldnt keep them open. His
body started to loosen. His head rolled slightly to one side. He
adjusted his body. Still hadnt looked at Mary. Hadnt thought of her.
His body twitched. He brushed his face against the pillow. He moaned
in his halfsleep. Soon he slept.

The Harpies swooped down on Harry and in the darkness
under their wings he could see nothing but their eyes: small, and
filled with hatred, their eyes laughing at him, mocking him as he
tried to evade them, knowing he couldnt and that they could toy with
him before they slowly destroyed him. He tried turning his head but
it wouldnt move. He tried and tried until it rolled back and forth
but still the eyes glared and mocked and the gigantic wings beat
faster and faster and the wind whirled around Harry and his body
chilled and he could sense their large sharp beaks and feel the tips
of feathers as they brushed his face. He tried to slide down the rock
but no matter how often he did he was still on the top with the wind
whirling and the Harpies screeching, screeching and above the roar of
the wind and the screeching he could hear his flesh being ripped from
his belly, could hear the sharp tearing sound prick its way into his
ears and then he heard his screams and the Harpies slowly, very
slowly tore bits of flesh from his belly then slowly tugged as the
long strips of flesh were pulled from his body and he yelled and
rolled over and over and leaped up and ran, tripped and tumbled down
the rock yet he was still on top of the rock and the Harpies still
mocked him as they tore the flesh from his belly, his chest, and
scraped their beaks on his ribs and suddenly thrust their beaks into
his eyes and plucked them from their sockets and he heard the plop,
plop of his eyes leaving his head and the screeching of the Harpies
increased until he no longer could hear his own screams and he kicked
and punched at them yet his body refused to move and all he could do
was lie still as they once again, and again, over and over started
ripping the flesh from his belly and chest, scraping his ribs and
once more plucking the eyes from his head

and he was alone on a street looking, turning slowly
around in a circle, looking, looking at nothing. Everything was
endless in every direction until there were walls that seemed to be
moving on an eccentric rod and the walls came closer together, still
rolling in half circles and Harry still turned in a circle and the
walls came closer together and Harry yelled and started crying yet it
was silent not even the walls making a sound as they approached each
other and Harry ran until he hit a wall and was in the middle of the
diminishing room and he could feel the slate smoothness of the walls
as they touched his arms, the back of his head, his nose, and the
wall slowly crushed him

and his eyes rolled and bounced up the hill and Harry
stumbled after them trying to find them, picking up stones, pebbles
and burrs and trying to force them in the empty sockets and he spit
out the stones and yelled as the burrs tore the already bleeding
sockets and he continued to stumble up the hill and occasionally the
eyes would stop and they would look at each other with a gigantic
stare and wait until Harry almost touched them then continued to roll
up the hill and Harry jammed two more burrs into the sockets and
screamed as they ripped the lids and he screamed louder and louder as
he twisted the burrs trying to get them out, his bloodied hands
preventing him from getting a firm grip on them and his screams were
louder and louder until he finally did scream and he sprang up in bed
and opened his eyes waiting years for the wall and the chest of
drawers to be recognized.

Mary stirred slightly and
Harry held his head with his hands and moaned. The nightmare wasnt
always exactly the same but after it was over it always seemed as if
it had been. Year after year Harry would bolt up in bed occasionally,
near dead with terror, trying to shove the weight off his chest so he
could breathe and then slowly some familiar object would be seen and
he would know he was finally awake. Again his eyes swelled but no
tears flowed. He sat for many minutes then slowly lowered his head
back to the pillow, wiping his face and head with his hand then
covering his eyes with his arm.

***
Harry moved along the few blocks from his house to
the factory, punched his time card, changed his clothes and went to
his bench. He was the worst lathe operator of the more than 1,000 men
working in the factory. He started shortly before the war and
remained there all during the war. Soon after the war started the
shop steward was drafted and Harry took his place and devoted more
time to the activities of the union than he did his job. From the
beginning he hounded and haunted the bosses and soon he was part of
the outer clique of the union. During the war the company was
powerless to fire him and when they tried after the war the union
threatened to call a strike so Harry still stood in front of the same
lathe.

Harry worked for 30 minutes or so each morning then
turned off his lathe and made the rounds of the factory reminding
those who were behind in their dues that they had to pay by a certain
date; asking others why they hadnt been to the last union meeting; or
simply telling others not to work so fast, it aint gonna get ya
nothin. Youre only makin money for the company and they got enough.
And though he had been doing this for years and the foremen had
learned to ignore him, many of the executives, especially cost
estimators, production engineers, and the General Manager of the
plant who was also a Vice-President of the Company, were still
incensed whenever they saw him walking around the factory in defiance
of all the rules and regulations. Usually they stormed off in another
direction, but occasionally they would demand to know what he was
doing and he would tell them he was doin his job, and if they
persisted in questioning him he would tell them to go fuckthemselves,
and if they did their job as good as he did his everybody would be
better off and what the fuck do they know about work, all they do is
sit on their fat asses all day breakin balls . . . and he would be
sure to walk away smiling his sneering smile, looking at everyone,
letting them know by his attitude that he wasnt afraid of any bigass
boss, but they damn sure were afraid of him, convinced that what he
had said was true and that he was right in doing and saying what he
had.

His morning round usually took an hour and a half to
2 hours. Then he would go back to his bench and work until lunch
time. Harry never went home for lunch, but went across the street to
the bar and ate with the boys. He always started with a couple a
quick shots and a beer, then a few beers with a sandwich and a few
more after. He talked with some of the men, listening to their jokes,
their stories of dames fucked, following each story with one of his
own about how he bagged some dame and threw a fuck intoer and how she
thought he was so great and wanted to seeim again and the others
would listen, tolerating him, relieved when he would finally leave
their group to go to another; and Harry would continue making the
rounds of the bar, listening briefly then telling his stories or a
joke about a queer who had his ears pulled off; occasionally sticking
a finger in someones stomach and farting; or asking someone when they
were going to buy him a drink, laughing, slapping the guy on the
shoulder, and leaving when he said right after you do; or if they
were new on the job he would put his empty glass on the bar and wait
for the bartender to fill it up and take the money from their change
on the bar.

During the middle of the afternoon Harry reached the
part of a job that required resetting the lathe and doing a small
amount of figuring to set the job up properly so he decided to take a
little walk. If he got too far behind in the work the foreman would
have to set the job up. He slowly roamed around the factory asking
some of the men how it was going, but mostly saying nothing and just
smiling his smile, looking and roaming. He was walking around the 6th
floor when he suddenly stopped and frowned, thought hard for a few
minutes, took the small union booklet from his pocket describing the
duties of different classifications, checked it then went over to one
of the benches, turned off the lathe and asked the man working there
what inthehell he thought he was doin. The man just stood there,
trying to understand what had happened and trying to understand what
Harry was talking about. Harry stood in front of him waving the
booklet in the air, yelling over the noise of the factory. A few of
the men near by turned to look and the foreman came running over,
yelling at the operator, still standing in front of Harry trying to
understand what was going on, and yelled, whys that goddamn machine
off? Harry turned to the foreman and asked him if he told him to do
this job. Whointhehell do you think toldim to do it. Im the foreman
aint I. Well what the fucks the idea of havinim cut heavy stainless,
eh? What the fucks the idea? Whattayamean whats the idea? This guys a
A man. Hes been cuttin stainless for years. Why shouldnt he cut it.
Cause hes a new man thats why. He only been here a couple a months.
He doesnt even have a full union book yet. Aint that right, eh? Aint
it? yellin in the operators face, waving the booklet. Yeah, but Ive
been in the business 20 years. I can cut anything. Harry stepped
closer to him, turning his back to the foreman and yelling louder. I
dont give a fuck what ya can cut, ya hear me? The union says ya gotta
have a full book or been here 6 months before ya can cut heavy
stainless, and ya betta do like I tellya or youll find yaself
blackballed, yelling even louder, his face swollen —the operator
staring, not understanding, wanting only to do his work and be left
alone—ya hear me? The foreman finally forced himself into the line
of Harrys vision and yelled at him ta shut up. Fa krists sake, what
thefuck ya yellin about? Im yellin cause I wanna yell. And youd betta
get this guy off the job or youll find your ass inna sling too. Fa
krists sake Harry, this jobs gotta be done and hes the only guy whos
not workin a job that can do it. I dont give a fuck if ya havta wait
ten fuckin years ta get it done, and I dont giveashit how much it
costs the boss. Comeon Harry be reasonable, you—I can cut stainless
or any other damn thing you got around here. Look buddy, youd better
shut yafuckinmouth or youll be out on your ass. The operators face
turned red and he started to reach for a wrench and the foreman
quickly stepped in front of him, grabbed him by the shoulders and
told him to go take a break, I/ll getya when we settle this. He left
and the foreman took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a second
before turning back to Harry. Look Harry, theres no sense in making a
issue of this. You know I never break any union rules, but this jobs
gotta be done and he can do it so whats the harm? Dont try and
brownnose me Mike. He aint cuttin no stainless. OK, OK, let me call
upstairs and see what we can do. He walked back to his desk to call
and Harry leaned against the idle lathe. The foreman hung up the
phone and came back. Wilsonll be right down and maybe we can get this
straightened out. I dont give a fuck whos comin down.

In a few minutes Wilson, a production manager, came
rushing across the floor. He smiled, put his arms around Mikes and
Harrys shoulders. What seems to be the problem boys, smiling at Harry
and giving Mikes shoulder a reassuring and knowing squeeze. Harry
scowled, turned slightly so that Wilsons hand fell from his shoulder
and barely opened his mouth when he spoke. The man at this machine
aint cuttin no stainless. I tried to tellina Mr. Wilson that the job
had ta be done—thats OK Mike, patting his shoulder and smiling even
broader at both of them, Im sure we can straighten this thing out.
Harrys a reasonable man. Nothin ta straighten out. He aint cuttin
stainless. Mike started to throw his arms up in disgust, but Wilson
put an arm around him and held his arms for a second, smiled then
patted him again on the back. Why dont we go into the lounge and have
a smoke and talk this over? How about it boys? Mike said OK and
started walking toward the smoking room. Harry grunted and stood
still as Wilson motioned him on, waiting until Wilson started walking
behind Mike before he too followed, a foot or so behind Wilson. When
they got to the smoking room Wilson took out a pack of cigarettes and
offered them. Mike took one and stuck it in his mouth. Harry said
nothing, but took one out of his own pack, ignored Wilsons lighter,
lighting his own cigarette. Wilson asked them if they would like a
coke and they both declined. The operator, who had been sitting in
the corner, came over to Mike and asked him if he could go back to
work. Harry started to yell something, but Mike told the man to go
out to his bench, but not to turn his machine on. Just wait there.
We/ll be out in a minute. The man left and Wilson turned immediately
to Harry, smiling, trying to appear relaxed and trying to hide his
hatred for him.

Wilson looked at Harry and decided that it wouldnt do
to try the arm around the shoulder routine again. Now look Harry, I
understand and respect your position. I have known and have had the
pleasure of working with you for quite a few years now and I know,
just as Mike here knows, and everyone in the plant knows, that youre
a good and honest worker, and that you always have the interest of
the organization and the men at heart. Isnt that right Mike? Mike
nodded automatically. Like I say Harry, we all know you are a good
man and that no one else could have done the job you have in keeping
the union affairs of this plant functioning as they have been and we
all respect and admire you for this. And we all respect and admire
your intelligence and ability. And believe me when I say this,
because I say this not as an executive of the organization, but as a
man who works with the other men here, I say this as a fellow worker:
I would be the last person in the world to ask anyone to make even
the slightest breach in the union rules and regulations. To me a
contract is a sacred instrument and I will stand by it come hell or
high water . . . but, and I say this as a worker and an executive . .
. look, its like this: its just like in the union itself. You have
your constitution and bylaws. Right? I am certain you are familiar
with them. And I am also certain that you follow them to the letter,
but there are times when you might have to make a slight exception.
Now wait a minute—Harry leaning forward and starting to speak-just
hear me out. Now look, suppose the rules say a meeting should start
at 8 oclock, but suddenly theres a big snow storm and it takes the
men 30 minutes or an hour longer to get to the meeting. Now, you
either will have to wait and start the meeting late or you will have
to start it on time without the proper number of members present.
Wilson smiled, relaxed and took a drag of his cigarette, satisfied
with his cleverness, thinking that Harrys position was untenable.
Harry took a drag of his cigarette, blew the smoke in Wilsons
direction, dropped the butt on the floor and squashed it under his
shoe. What we do at the union meet-ins is none of your business
unless we want ta tellya about it. O, I know that Harry, I certainly
didnt mean to imply otherwise. All I am trying to say is that this
organization, like your union, is like any other organization in that
it is a team and everyone connected with the organization from the
President to the elevator operators are a member of that team and we
all have to pull together. Everyones job is equally important. The
Presidents job is no more important than yours in that if you dont
cooperate, just as he must cooperate, we can not get the job done.
That is what I am trying to say. We all have to get behind the wheel,
just like in the union. Now, we have a job that must be done and it
must be done now. This new man is the only man available to do it at
this time. That is the only reason he is doing it. We certainly had
no intention of being instrumental in asking anyone to do anything
that might even be considered a breach of union rules, but the job
has to be done—look, this guys a new man and aint cuttin no
stainless so just stop the shit. If ya put him back on the job I/ll
call the whole goddamn plant out, Harrys face becoming redder, his
eyes glaring, ya get that? I/ll stand by that fuckin bench all day if
I have ta and if ya try to putim back on that job I swear ta krist
the whole fuckin plantll be out on the street in two fuckin seconds
and you and no ballbreakin fuck in the jointll stop me. Ya getit? If
ya want a strike I/ll giveya one. He walked out of the room, slamned
the door and walked back to the bench. He said nothing to the man who
was leaning impatiently against the bench, but simply stood at the
other end.

Mike and Wilson looked at the door for a moment then
Mike asked Wilson if he wanted him to put the man back anyway. No
Mike, you had better not. I do not want any trouble. You just go back
to your desk. I/ll see Mr. Harrington.

Wilson was disconcerted about having to see Mr.
Harrington, but he didnt know what else to do. He certainly did not
want the responsibility of precipitating a strike. Mr. Harrington
waved him toward a chair and asked Wilson what was on his mind.
Wilson sat down and told him the story. As soon as he heard Harrys
name Mr. Harrington frowned, then banged his desk with his fist when
Wilson started relating the details. He listened becoming more and
more infuriated and insulted not only because Harry had the audacity
to defy him, one of the Vice-Presidents, and the Corporation, but
also because he knew he would have to compromise and not break Harry
as he would like to, but would have to avoid any trouble; that
particular job had to be done according to schedule. He could not
afford a delay. But there would be a strike soon and then he would
get rid of Harry. He had hated Harry for years and had never been
able to get rid of him, but he was hopeful he could use the strike to
get rid of him. As head of the Corporations negotiating committee he
knew he could persuade the other members to continue to reject the
unions demands even if those demands became reasonable. He knew the
Corporation could let the men stay on strike for the remainder of the
year with only a slight loss in net earnings. He assumed that when
the strike was 6 months old the union would gladly settle the strike
if he gave in to most of their demands on the condition that he could
discharge Harry. It was worth a try. He had nothing to lose.

By the time Wilson had finished telling him what had
happened he had decided what to do. He stared directly into Wilsons
eyes. Well, you certainly made a mess of it didnt you? The corners of
Wilsons mouth sagged a little more. He said nothing. It seems as if I
have to do everything around here or the entire organization starts
to crumble. I did the —never mind that now. The important thing is
to get the job done. Now . . . we simply have to get someone else to
do that job. How many men do you have working on the Kearny job? 6.
Fine. Take one of the men off that job and have him change with the
man working on the Collins job. The Kearny job is all brass if I
remember correctly. Yes, it is. But it will take an hour or so to go
over the job with the man and I was trying to save all the time I
could. Save time! You have already wasted over an hour trying to save
time. Now get back and do as I told you.

Wilson got up immediately and left the office. He
went directly to the foreman of the Kearny job, and explained the
situation. The foreman took one of his men off the job and the man
went with Wilson to the 6th floor. Wilson explained to Mike and Harry
what was going to be done then told the new man who to report to
upstairs. When Harry saw him leave, and Mike and the man who had come
down with Wilson go over to the lathe with the stainless steel stock,
he left.

When he got back to his own bench his foreman was
just finishing setting up the job for Harry. Think you can finish
this job by tomorrow morning Harry? Its a rush. Yeah, sure. I wouldve
finished it today, but that wise punk Wilson tried to pull a fast one
and I had to straightenim out. He thought he could push me around,
but I fixed hisass. Harry turned slightly toward his bench and the
foreman left. He was a few feet away when Harry noticed he had gone
and he sneered and muttered, chickenshit. Afraid the boss might see
him with me. Harry jabbed at the button that turned his lathe on and
started working. Fuckim.

Harry worked as slowly as possible, moving the
cutting tool almost imperceptibly, and when the time came to go home
he still had another hours or so work before the job would be
finished.

Harry was in high spirits when he got home. As he
washed his hands and splashed water on his face he told his wife what
had happened and when she would tell him he ought to be careful, he
might lose his job, he would laugh his evil laugh and tell her, they
wouldn't fire me. If they tried that Id have the whole joint on
strike and they know it. They cant fuck me around. When he finished
eating he went up to the bar and yelled to the guys at the bar how he
told the punk ballbreaker off at work, punctuating his story with his
laugh.

Mary had already gone to bed by the time Harry got
home, but it didnt make any difference to him one way or the other
whether or not she was awake, she wouldnt bother him for awhile
anyway. He undressed and plopped into bed and looked at Mary to see
if she would wake up, but she utterd a low grunting noise and pulled
her knees up closer to her chin. Harry stayed on his side, facing
Mary, and fell asleep.

The next morning Harry went up to the 6th floor
before going to his own bench. He checked to make sure the new man
wasnt working on the stainless job. He smiled when he saw that he
wasnt at his bench and stayed around for a while just to be sure they
werent trying to pull a fast one; and before he left he went over to
the foreman and told him he would see him later. He made his rounds
throughout the rest of the plant and when he got back to his bench
more than 2 hours had passed. He jabbed the start button and began
working. The foreman came over and asked him when the job would be
ready, the rest of the job is finished and we/re just waiting for
this piece. He sneered at the foreman and told him it would be ready
when he finished. The foreman took a quick glance at the job,
estimating how long it would be before Harry finished, and left.
Harry stared at him for a few minutes, wise fuck, then turned back to
the job.

When Harry came back from lunch he went back to the
6th floor and checked again, then strolled around the plant. He got
back to his bench eventually and finished the job then went back to
the 6th floor. The new man was back at his bench, but a piece of
brass was in his machine. Harry went over to him. Thats betta. You
come close ta losin your book yesterday mac. He just glanced at
Harry, wanting to tell him what he thought of him, but said nothing,
having been told that morning about Harry and how he had had more
than one book pulled, for no reason at all, from more than one guy.
Harry sneered and walked away. He went back to his work, still
glowing and feeling omnipotent. He didnt particularly care about the
new guy, but he was glad he had shoved it up the boss/s ass and broke
it off. He stayed at his work the rest of the day thinking
occasionally of yesterday and of the fact that the union contract
with the company expired in two weeks and the negotiating committees
had not reached an agreement for a new contract and it was a sure
thing that there would be a strike. Harry was so happy about going on
strike—of closing down the entire shop, of setting up picket lines
and watching the few bosses going into the empty factory and sitting
at their desks and thinking and worrying about all the money they
were losing

while he got his every week from the union—that he
laughed every now and then to himself and at times felt like shouting
as loud as he could, fuck all you company bastards, all ya ball
breakin pricks. We/ll showya. We/ll makeya get on yaknees and begus
ta come back tawork. We/ll breakya ya fat fucks.

With each day Harry felt bigger. He walked around the
plant waving at the guys, yelling to them above the noise; thinking
that soon it would be silent. The whole fuckin shop/d be quiet. And
he had cartoon like images in his mind of dollar bills with wings
(lying out the window, out of the pocket and pocketbook of a fat
baldheaded cigar smoking boss; and punks with white shirts and ties
and expensive suits sitting at an empty desk and opening empty pay
envelopes. There were images of gigantic concrete buildings crumbling
and pieces flying out of the middle and himself suspended in air
smashing the buildings to pieces. He could see himself crushing heads
and bodies and heaving them from the windows and watching them
splatter on the sidewalks below and he roared with laughter as he
watched the bodies floating in pools of blood and drifting toward the
sewers and he, Harry Black, age 33, shop steward of local 392 watched
and roared with laughter.

At night, after supper, he went to the empty store
the union was fixing up to use as a strike headquarters. He did
little and talked a lot.

Harry slept better, deep and without dreams; but
before sleeping he would lie on his side and let the various images
of empty shops, crumbling buildings and splattering bodies drift
through his mind, more real, more vivid, the features and images more
sharply defined, the flesh more pulpy, more flaccid; the cigar tips
glowing, the smell of cigar smoke and after shave lotion resented and
enjoyed. Then slowly the images would start overlapping each other,
become entangled and whirl together in one amorphous multiexposure
picture and Harry would smile, the sneer almost disappearing, then he
slept.

The last day of the
contract Harry whistled as he worked. Not really a whistle, but a
flat hissing sound that at times approached a whistle. A new contract
had not as yet been signed and there was to be a union meeting that
night. When the working day was over Harry walked happily from the
shop, slapping many of the men on the back with as deep a feeling of
comradeship as he was capable of feeling, telling them not to forget
the meeting and he would see them at the hall. Some of the men
stopped in the bar before going home and slowly drank a few beers,
talking about the strike, wondering how long it would last and what
they would get. Harry bought a beer and walked around the bar
slapping a back or squeezing a shoulder, not saying much, simply a
this is it, or tonights the night. He hung around for half an hour or
so then went home.

* * *
The officers were already on the platform when Harry
got to the hall. He walked away from the steps on the side of the
platform and walked around to the front and vaulted up onto the
platform. He shook hands with everyone there, smiling his smile, and
listened for a few minutes to each group huddling on the platform,
continuing to go from one to the other, as the hall slowly filled,
until it was 10 minutes past the official time for the meeting to
start and the President of the local indicated that he would start
the meeting soon and the groups broke up and the men took their
seats, Harry sitting in the second row on the end, adjusting his
chair so he could be seen between the two men in front of him.

The President sat, taking papers from his attache
case, looking them over, occasionally passing one to some one else, a
brief and hushed discussion following. Eventually he had the papers
sorted as he wanted and he rose, remaining behind the small desk in
front of him. The men in the hall quieted and the President called
the meeting to order and called on the Secretary to read the minutes
of the last meeting They were read, voted upon and officially
accepted by the rank and file. Next the Treasurer read his report
consisting of many figures and explanations of expenditures, of how
much was in the treasury and how much in the strike fund, the strike
fund figure read last, slowly and loudly and the nonofficial members
of the clique scattered throughout the hall applauded, as planned,
and whistled, many others joining them. This report was voted upon
and accepted by the rank and file.

Then the President got down to the business at hand
and informed all the members that they knew what they were really
here for tonight. More applause and whistles from the clique and
others. The President raised his hands, solemnly, for silence. Your
negotiating committee has been working hard for a long time trying to
get a fair contract and wage for you men. Applause. We/re not asking
for much, just what we work for. But the company wants you to do all
the work while they keep all the money. Boos and the stamping of
feet. Let me just read their last offer. He yanked papers from the
desk, crumpled the edges in his hand and looked at them scornfully.
They want us to keep a 35 hour week-a loud no—give us a lousy 12
holidays—another no—the President continued to read through the
noise that followed. No holiday for birthdays, keep time and a half
for overtime —another roar—a stinking 25c an hour raise, and only
a small increase in their contributions to the welfare plan and they
want it to be controlled by a independent trustee —a look of
contempt on his face as he looked at the men and read—and a lot of
double talk that amounts to nothing and they have the nerve to offer
us this—hoots and catcalls. But we showed them, pounding on the
table and yelling defiantly, we showed them what kind of stuff union
men are made of: we told them to go to hell. He sipped water then
wiped his face and lowered his head slightly and waited for the men
to quiet down. Now, we all know how hard we work—dont forget I
sweated for 20 years myself over a lathe and that was before the
union when they was really sweat shops—applause—the President
raised his hands. And the company knows how hard you men work but do
they care—a NOOOOO from the clique and a few others, then a roar
from the men—but we care, dont we—a roaring YEEEEES—youre damn
right we do, and by jesus theres not a man one of us whos going to
allow them to get away with this—a roar—and you can bet your life
they know it. He paused, took a sip of water, cleared his throat. All
we/re asking for is an honest wage for an honest days work and decent
working conditions, and thats something that every American as a free
man is entitled to, pounding on the desk emphasizing the words
american, free, entitled, and leaning slightly toward the men as they
roared and stamped their feet. Now we all know what we/re asking
for—the men in the hall looked quizzically at each other, trying to
remember just what they were asking for—but I/ll read them as they
were presented to the company. A 30 hour week-cheers—a $1 an hour
raise—cheers—a 25% increase in the companys contributions to our
welfare plan to be supervised by the union, looking up from the
paper, leaning forward and pounding on the table, I said supervised
by the union so those goddamn company lawyers and accountants cant
cheat you out of what you should get—whistling and stamping of
feet—16 paid holidays, including every members birthday, or double
time if he has to work on any of those holidays—applause. He
straightened. Now . . . your negotiating committee met with theirs
and after 2 weeks of head to head bargaining—and theres not a man
one of us who doesnt know that you deserve everything weve asked for—
and after 2 weeks the Vice-President told us that the Company couldnt
afford to meet our demands—roars and boos . . . We/re going to meet
with them again but, I want everyman here to understand that we never
have and never will have any intention of allowing them to bulldoze
us into accepting a contract thats not fair for the rank and file of
this union—whistles, roars, stamping—and no matter how many of
their slick or conniving tricks they try or no matter how long the
strike lasts theyre not going to get away with it—a roar—and if
they think theyre dealing with jerks they got another guess coming .
. .

The President of Local 392 continued for another 30
minutes, interrupted with cheers, the stamping of feet, whisding,
explaining that if they gave in to the company now theyd grind their
faces in the mud for the rest of their lives; and how every union
member in the country was behind them, pledged to give all assistance
and aid—and that means money—as long as the strike lasts; of how
the union was completely ready and geared for the strike—an empty
store had been rented as a temporary strike headquarters, signs have
already been painted and instructions have been printed telling each
brother when he has to walk the picket line—denouncing and
promising . . .

When he finished he introduced other members of the
board who talked about what they were doing to help the strike and
their union brothers. When they finished the President introduced
brother Harry Black, shop steward and militant union brother, who was
to be in charge of the strike headquarters. Harry tried to look over
the heads of the men in the hall as he spoke, but was unable to keep
from seeing their faces so he lowered his head and closed his eyes
until they were open just enough to see his shoes and the edge of the
platform. Like Brother Jones toldya the unions rented a store for a
strike headquarters, you all the know the place its next ta Willies
bar and a free $10 bag of groceries will be given ta everybody every
Saturday morning for as long as the strike lasts and the place is big
enough for everything so that we dont have ta worry about it and
before we/re through with this strike the bossesll be on their knees
begginus ta come back. Harry turned, opened his eyes and tried to
find his seat but was unable to focus his eyes and he shook his head
from side to side trying to orient himself and the President came
over to him and tapped him on the shoulder and pushed him toward his
seat. Harry stumbled, knocked into one of the members sitting near
him and finally found his seat and sat down, sweat dripping from his
armpits, his shirt stuck to his chest and back. He lowered his head,
closed his eyes for a few moments and heard nothing until he finally
raised his head and saw the President once more speaking to the men.

Now you have some idea of
how hard we have been working for you to get everything in order for
the strike and have it setup so we can take care of everything no
matter how long the strike lasts. He sipped water then wiped his face
with his handkerchief. He just stood there for a few minutes, head
slightly bowed, listening to the men roar and when he noticed that it
was starting to subside he turned once again toward the men and
raised his hands, looking humble and worn, for silence. The men
quieted and he looked around the hall, slowly, still keeping the
humble expression, then once more started speaking. He reviewed the
preparations that had been made; told them that everyman had to put
in a couple of hours a week on the picket line and that his book
would be stamped after every turn on the line and if anyone didnt
have his book stamped that he had better be able to prove he couldnt
walk or his book would be yanked, we/re not going to allow any
scabbing—yells and cheers—and coffee and sandwiches will be given
to all the men on the line and explained a few more details of how
they would conduct the strike before putting up to the rank and file
whether or not they wanted to accept the companys offer or go on
strike. Just as he finished speaking one of the nonofficial members
of the clique made a motion that they tell the company ta go tahell
and go on strike. Another member seconded the motion and the
President yelled that a motion has been made and duly seconded. All
in favor say aye and a roar went up as some men murmured, a few
looked around confused, but almost everyone remained in the current
of the evening and added their voice to the roar after the initial
aye. The President banged on the desk, the motion has been accepted
by acclamation, banged the desk again and another roar went up along
with the scraping of chair legs on the floor as the men got up and
started pounding each other on the back. The meeting was over. The
strike was official.

* * *
Although the picketing wouldnt start until 8 oclock,
the beginning of the normal working day, Harry was in the strike
headquarters at 6:30. It was a small store that had been vacant for
many years and a telephone had been installed as well as a small
refrigerator, stove and large coffee urn. There were many folding
chairs around the room and an old desk in the corner. Against the
rear wall were dozens of picket signs. Harry sat behind the desk and
looked at the phone for a few minutes hoping it would ring and he
could answer it, local 392 strike headquarters, Brother Black, Shop
Steward talkin. It probably wouldnt be long before the phoned be
ringin all the time and hed be talkin ta the President and all the
other officers all the time about how he was runnin the strike. He
wished he knew somebody he could call so he could tellem how he was
there and what was goin on. It wouldnt be long before the menll be
showin up for the picket line. He leaned back in the chair and it
moved slightly. He looked down at the legs and noticed they had
wheels so he pushed himself back and forth a few times. He stopped
and looked at the phone again for a few minutes, then pushed hard
against the desk and the chair rolled back to the wall.

The first few men came a little before 8. Harry got
up, rolling back his chair, slapped them on the back and told them
everything was all set. The signs are over there. Ya can each take
one and start picketing the front of the building. Harry rushed over
to the pile of signs and selected three, giving one to each man,
trying to remember what else there was to do. The men started to
leave, then one of them asked when they got their book stamped. Harry
stared for a minute, book stamped, stamp. His jaw started to quiver
slightly. Ya gonna stampem now or after we finish walking. uuuuuuhhh
. . . They gonna be stamped after? A few more men came in and started
talking—book, stamp—with the men who were ready to leave with
their signs. No one was looking at Harry. He managed to turn and move
toward the desk. The books were to be stamped. Yes. He pulled out a
few drawers then he knew definitely what it was he was looking for. A
rubber stamp and a stamp pad. He pulled the big drawer all the way
out. Looked. Yeah, there it was. He took them out. I guess I might as
well do it now. Bring your books over here. The men with the signs
went over and Harry stamped their books. Any sonofabitch that dont
get this stamped is gonna get his ass inna sling. One of the men who
had just come in asked what was going on. Ya gotta get ya book
stamped before ya go out. He came over to the desk with his book out.
Ya gotta get a sign first, and Harry went back to the pile of signs
and handed one to each of the men. O K, now I/ll stamp ya books. Ya
oughta put a sign up so the guysll know. I was just gonna do that,
and Harry stamped their books and the men put the signs on and looked
at each other, smiling and joking. O K you guys, hit the concrete.
Its afta 8. And dont all you guys stay in one spot. Spread out and
keep moving. No standin still.

The men left and Harry went back to his desk and
stamp pad. He ripped a piece of paper off a pad and printed a sign,
get book stamped before going, and stuck it over the pile of signs.
Men continued to come in and Harry handed out signs and stamped
books; told some of them to go to the rear of the plant, and keep
movin, no standin still; and when the men came in or back from
picketing they poured themselves cups of coffee and stood around the
store, or out in front, and talked and joked. In a few hours Harry
started to panic with so many men around. Something inside his arms,
his stomach, legs, seemed to be tightening and caused him to grind
his teeth. He told one of the men to take over for a while, telling
him to make sure he stamped the books, and went to Willies next door.
He went to the end of the bar and had a couple of drinks and started
to relax. He stayed for a while, drinking, until the tenseness faded.
He left the bar and walked over to the picket line to see how things
were going. He looked scornfully at the cops who were there in case
of trouble and waved to the men as he walked around to the side to
see how things were going there. He asked one of the men if anybody
was around back and he said he thought so and Harry figured he might
just as well take a look anyway. He walked the block to the rear of
the factory and spoke to the men for a few minutes, reminding them to
keep movin so the fuckin cops couldnt have nothin ta say, then went
back to the office. He went back to the desk and resumed stamping.

The office wasnt as crowded now, many of the men
standing outside in the warm May sun talking, joking, enjoying having
a day off with nothing to do but hang around and drink beer and talk
with the boys; and others used the time to wash and polish their
cars, a steady stream of men walking through the office to fill
buckets with water.

During the day Harry made a few more trips to the
bar, staying outside after each trip to talk with the men and tell
them how they was gonna show these ball breakers who was boss. During
the afternoon one of the Union Officials came in and asked Harry how
everything was going. He told him he had everything under control. I
keep the guys movin. The cops aint got nothin ta bitch about; and you
can bet nobodys gettin in the shop except a few pencil stiffs. Youre
a good man Harry. Harry smiled his smile. And dont forget, if you
need anything just charge it to the union and put it on your expense
voucher. And dont forget to send your voucher in each week. Harry was
glowing. He nodded. Dont worry about nothin. We/ll break their backs.
The official left and Harry stretched out in his chair and smoked for
a while, talking occasionally to one of the men, then slowly once
more started to feel squeezed. He got up from the chair and walked to
the back and stood in the yard for a while and started to feel
better, but soon some of the men came back too, some bringing chairs,
others cards, and in a few minutes a card game had started and Harry
went back into the office. He figured hed go for a drink, then asked
one of the men if he knew of a joint that delivered beer around
there. Yeah, theres a guy down a ways on 2nd avenue. Harry called and
an hour later the truck pulled up and a keg of beer was rolled in,
tapped and Harry drew the first glass. Before the end of the day the
keg was empty and Harry called to have another one delivered, but was
told it couldnt be delivered before 5 so Harry said to bring it the
first thing in the morning.

By the time the picketing day ended Harry was relaxed
and joking with the men as they came in with their signs. When all
the signs had been piled against the wall, and everyone gone, Harry
stayed to have one last smoke while sitting in his chair behind his
desk. The tension that made him feel as if his body was going to
split was forgotten now. All the signs were back; the books were
stamped; the big boys liked the way he was handling the strike and he
had a nice whisky glow. Everything was going along just fine. The men
kept moving like they was supposed to and everybody was really workin
ta break the bosses backs. Nothin to it. Alls we gotta do is keep
that picket line movin and the shop closed and theyll be on their
knees beggin us please come back on our terms. The first day of the
strike was over.

Harry flopped at the kitchen table and tried to
ignore his wife as she served supper and asked questions about how
the strike went and how long would it be . . . She put the food on
the plates and sat down and started eating, still asking questions,
Harry mumbling answers. He glanced at his wife from time to time and
soon his body started to tighten and it continued until his body was
once more one gigantic knot. He felt like rapping her across the
face. He looked at her. She continued to ask questions. He dropped
his fork on the plate and got up from the table. Where you going?
Back to the office, I think I forget something. He rushed from the
house before she could say anything and went to the bar. He went to
the end of the bar and stayed there, alone, drinking, saying nothing.
After an hour or so he once more started to feel better and soon
became conscious of a few of the neighborhood guys standing a few
feet away. Actually what attracted him to them was a high pitched
feminine voice. It took a moment or two for him to realize that one
of the guys standing near him was a fairy. He looked at him, trying
not to be too obvious, lowering his eyes everytime somebody moved his
head toward him, slowly raising them again to stare at the fairy.
Harry couldnt hear everything he was saying, but he watched the
delicate way in which he emphasized what he said with his hands, and
the way his neck seemed to move in a hypnotic slowmotioned manner as
he talked and gestured. He seemed to be telling the guys about a
party, a drag ball, that had taken place last Thanksgiving at a place
called Charlie Blacks. Harry continued to stare and listen,
fascinated.

They stayed there for more than an hour, Harry
listening and ignoring his beer. When they left he watched them leave
hoping they were going across the street to the Greeks so he could
follow them in a few minutes, but they got into a car and drove away.
Harry continued to stare out the door after they drove away and only
the sudden blaring of music from the jukebox caused him to blink his
eyes and turn back to the bar. He lifted his glass automatically and
finished his beer.

He stayed at the bar until about midnight, the image
of the fairys face and hands still in his mind, his voice still in
his ear. When he finished his last beer and left for home he was
unaware of his body: partly from his preoccupation with the image and
sound, partly from the beer. The fresh air clouded the image
slightly, but it was still there. It was still there when he
undressed and fell into bed. He lay on his side away from Mary, but
soon Marys groping hand and voice forced the image to dissolve. When
she first started caressing him it was still with him and excitement
shocked through him. Then he became aware of her and there was
nothing but her and anger, the anger keeping alive the excitement. He
bolted around immediately and pounded on her trying desperately to
evoke the image and sound but it was irrevocably gone for now and
Mary groaned and scratched . . .

He rolled over, lay awake for a while, once more
almost crying, the confusion blinding him, but he was so exhausted
from all that had happened that day that he soon fell asleep.

The next morning he awoke early and left before Mary
had a chance to speak to him. He went to the Greeks and had coffee
and cake, glancing at the clock every now and then, but still it
wasnt even 6:30 yet. He had another cup of coffee, another cake,
gulping them down, still looking at the clock every few minutes
feeling a need to rush, no thought from what or to where, but only a
vague yet crushing pressure of time, time that seemed to wrap itself
around him like a python. He dropped money on the counter and went
across the street to his office. He went immediately to his desk and
sat down, looking at the desk for many minutes—the serpent not
loosening its grip—unable to feel the air around his body. He lit a
cigarette and looked around the office. He went over to the beer keg
and pumped for a while but nothing came out. Not even a hint of foam.
It was empty. Theyll be here with another one soon though.

The python continued to crush him and time seemed
motionless. The hands on the clock were stuck. The urgency now was
not only for him to move, but for time to move too; for the men to
come, to take their signs, to walk, to joke, to drink coffee and
beer; for him to stamp books, to listen, to tell, to watch. They had
to come soon. A cigarette only takes a certain amount of time to
smoke and though this takes time it seems to take less and less with
each one and you can only smoke so many, there comes a time when you
have to stop, when you just cant light the next one ... at least not
for a while.

He opened the rear door
and looked around not really seeing anything. Nothing seemed to
really exist. The objects in the office were there, they could be
seen each in its place, yet still there was confusion. He knew what
each object was, what it was for yet there was no real definition. He
sat at his desk for a while, walked around for a while . . . sat . .
. walked . . . sat . . . walked . . . looked . . . sat . . . walked .
. . the only important thing was that the men get there. They had to.
The day had to start. He walked . . . sat. . . smoked . . . the
python still there. Were there no hands on the clock? He smoked . . .
Drew a cup of coffee ... It was strong, bitter, yet it passed his
mouth and throat without leaving a taste. Only a film. Dont clocks
tick anymore? Is even the sun motionless. The water is boiled, poured
over the coffee and it drips through and time passes . . . even if it
only drips it passes . . . through. How long does it take his chair
to get from the desk to the wall a few feet behind him when he pushes
and the chair rolls on its little wheels? Even that takes time: time
enough for a man to walk from the door to the signs, or from the urn
to the door; enough time to stamp three books one right after the
other: 1,2,3 . . . and yet there was not a definable thought in his
mind. Only a terrifying effort to get from one side of a match box to
another . . . the door opened and three men came in. Harry jumped up.
The python slithered into the match box. The day had begun.

* * *
Whattayasay, bumping into the corner of the desk and
stumbling toward the men. Bright and early, eh? Thats the way. Cant
be too early for those bastards. Theres some coffee left. Have some
new coffee soon. Gonna have some beer soon too. The men stood looking
at him for a moment hearing his rambling voice, then started moving
toward the urn. Guess I/ll order some cake an buns and stuff from
some baker. Cant go all day without eatin, eh? and the union wants ta
take care of its men. Cant hit the concrete without somethin. The men
looked at the coffee, poured it out and started putting on signs.
Dont forget to get ya book stamped, adjusting the sign on one of the
men then rushing back to his desk, yanking open the drawer and
plunging his hand in and bulldozing it back and forth until he found
the stamp and ink pad. Gotta get yabook stamped. Anybody who dont
have a stamp is gonna get his ass ina sling. The first crew who
walked yesterday did a good job. Ya just gotta keep movin or the
copsll break ya balls. The men put their books on the table, looking
at each other as Harry pounded the books with the stamp, still
rambling. The fuck-in copsed just love ta try and break the picket
line. The men started moving toward the door. Dont stay in a mob, but
stay apart and keep movin. You guys can take the front. I/ll send the
other guys around back and on the sides and if anybody gives ya any
trouble just yell, aint nobody gonna break this strike. The men left
and started across the street to the factory, Harry yelling after
them ta keep movin and make sure only the punk pencil pushers get in.
The men shook their heads and continued walking. They had a little
time to put in and then the day was theirs. Strikes can be o k
sometimes. It was a nice day.

Harry hustled around the office. The beer should be
there soon. He looked at the signs. They were o k. A few more men
came in and Harry said ta grab a sign and he stamped their books and
told them where to walk, and ta keep movin, and more men came in and
grabbed signs and the day was really there now and soon the man came
with the beer and Harry told him to come back with two more kegs
later and Harry called for boxes of cakes and buns and signed all the
bills spreading his signature across the bottom of the paper and
putting his title, shop steward local 392, under it and Harry kept
his glass filled with beer all through the day and the men came and
went, took signs, returned them, had their books stamped; washed and
polished their cars, played cards or just stood around talking and
joking, enjoying the clear sky and warm weather; leaving when they
finished their tour of duty and joking about the three day weekend
and about this being the first Friday theyve had off since they cant
remember when and not many of them took the strike seriously. Theyd
have to picket for a while, a few days maybe even a week or two, but
in weather like this who cares (if it gets a little warmer we can
even go to the beach after walking) and theyll make the money back in
no time with the raise and the unions going to give them food next
Saturday so theres really nothing to worry about. It was an early
vacation.

The keg of beer was empty almost an hour before the
other two were delivered and Harry and a few others who had been
drinking steadily were slightly drunk. When the two kegs were set up
Harry told the guy to bring four more Monday morning. That should
lastus, and he laughed his laugh.

During the afternoon Harry sat in the yard, in the
back, drinking and talking with some of the men as they played cards
or just sat around. When some one took a sign he yelled at them to
come in the back and get their book stamped and they kidded him about
what a hard job he had and he slapped them on the back and laughed
his laugh and the men laughed and put on their signs and walked up
and down around the factory, talking with the cops, kidding them
about having to be there longer than they did and the cops smiled
telling them they wished they could strike and maybe then theyd get a
break and that they hoped the men got what they wanted without being
out of work too long and occasionally one of the men would stand
still for a moment and look at the cops and smile and someone else
would yell, laughingly, to keep moving and the teams of pickets
changed every hour or so and the conversation would start from the
beginning between themselves and the cops, only an occasional word
changing and then the cops too got a relief and the ones leaving
waved to the men, happy that their day had ended and their weekend
started and the new cops stood silent for a while, but they too, soon
started talking with the pickets and everyone enjoyed the weather and
the novelty and the day moved along as logically as the sun.

Harry was drunk by the time the last sign was piled
against the wall. He put his stamp and pad back in the drawer and he
and a couple of others stayed and finished the beer, hanging over the
keg, pumping and pumping until nothing came out of the tap but a
hiss. Harry put his arms around the shoulders of the two near him and
told them they would show those sonsofbitches. And especially that
punk Wilson. I/ll show that fuckin fairy, that queer punk. They all
laughed.

Harry went across the street to the Greeks after
locking his office. Some of the neighborhood guys were there, among
them the ones who were in the bar last night, and Harry sat at the
counter and ordered something to eat and occasionally spoke to the
guys about the strike, they asking him how it was going and he
telling them they hadem by the balls and they should come over and
have a drink. He hung around the Greeks for a few hours until the
guys left then he too left and went home.

The next day he slept late and left the house right
after eating and went to the Greeks, but it was too early for any of
the guys to be there. He sat around for a while then went over to his
office and sat at his desk. He smoked a few cigarettes then called
the Secretary of local 392 and told him that he was in the office
just checkin on things and the Secretary told him he was doing a good
job and Harry hung up the phone and tried to think of someone else to
call but he couldnt think of another except the beer distributors
number. He called them. He told them who he was and said that they
might as well send over the four kegs now as wait for Monday. He sat
around for a while, filled out his expense sheet then walked around
the office until the beer was delivered and the kegs set up then he
filled a pitcher and sat at his desk with it and a glass drinking and
watching the street.

Sometime in the middle of the afternoon he saw a car
park in front of the Greeks and a few of the guys get out so he
locked the office and went to the Greeks. He asked the guys how they
were doing and they nodded and he sat for a while with them, but no
one else came in. Eventually he asked them if they would like some
beer, I got four fuckin kegs in the office, and they said yeah, so
they left, the guys leaving word with the counterman where they would
be and went to the office. Harry got them glasses and he and Vinnie,
Sal and Malfie sat around drinking beer. Harry told them how he was
in charge of the office and the entire strike, but they didnt pay too
much attention to him, figuring him for a creep from the first time
he spoke to them, and just yeahd him and drank the beer and looked
around the office. Malfie told him he should have a radio so they
could listen to some music and Vinnie and Sal agreed and Harry said
he didnt have one, but maybe he should get one. Yeah, sure yashould.
The union oughtta give yaone so ya-wont go nuts just sittin around
here doin nothin. Yeah. Why not. Harry told them he had a lot to do
takin care of the strike. Ya dont know all the—if the unionll pay
for the beer they should pay for a radio. Yeah. If you toldem
yaneeded one they couldnt say nothin. Yeah. Yeah, they wouldnt say
nothin if I got one. Yeah, and afta the strike ya could take it home.
Who would know the difference. Yeah, why not? We can gettya a good
one for 20, 30 bucks. Krist, thats a lotta money. A lotta money?
Whats 30 bucks to the union. They got millions. We/ll getya a good
radio and yacan giveus the money and get it from the union. Dont
worry about it, they wont say nothin. As soon as we see a good one
we/ll pick it up forya. The guys looked at each other and smiled
thinking of the radio in the window of the new store on 5th avenue.
We should be able ta get yaone by tomorrow. Yeah, a real nice job.

They continued drinking and talking, Harry telling
them about the union and what he was doing. From time to time he
picked up the empty pitcher and refilled it and set it on his desk,
being sure to push his chair back and let it roll to the wall before
getting up. After a few hours a few more of the guys came in and by
the time the sun set Harry was getting drunk and entertaining about a
dozen of the neighborhood guys, feeling like a patriarch because he
was in charge of the strike. The guys drank the beer and ignored
Harry, talking to him only when necessary; yet Harry was happy,
enjoying having them around him and excited with anticipation. He
asked Vinnie, laughing and slapping him on the shoulder, who that
fruit was that was with them the othernight and Vinnie told him she
was just one of the queens from uptown, onea Georgettes friends. Why,
ya wanna meeter? Naw, slapping Vinnies knee, what the fuck I wanna
meet a fuckin fruit for. I dont know, maybe ya go for that stuff,
laughing and peering at Harry. Haha, leaning back in his chair,
pushing with his hands against the desk, the chair rolling back to
the wall. I was just wonderin what ya guys were doing with a fruit. I
didnt think yahung around with those kindda fucks. Theyre o k
sometimes. Theyre always good for loot when they got it and they
getya high when yawanna. Stick around. She may be around later,
smiling. Hahaha, rolling the chair back to the desk. I dont go for
that shit. Im strickly a cunt man myself. I was just wonderin how
come he hung around with you guys is all. I got more cunt than ya
could fuck in a year. Shit, last night I had ta chase one away, a
good look-in bitch too, but I promised the old lady Id throw a fuck
inner, you know how it is. Ya gotta—Vinnie turned his head and
started talking to Sal and some of the other guys, but Harry couldnt
stop: he soliloquized about the babe who picked him up a few weeks
ago and took him home and she had a new car and the blond and how
many more women who damned near fucked the ass offim, but they
couldnt do that, he could out fuck any woman around and he never did
like queers, everytime he saw one he wanted ta rapim in his mouth and
whenever he throws a fuck inta the old lady she creams all over the
place and Vinnie and the guys got up and walked away and Harry leaned
toward a few of the other guys near by, his voice still working, the
words still spilling, his laugh blurting out occasionally and he
stopped for a second, drank his beer, filled the glass again and
continued talking, lower, walking around telling the guys he could
fixem up anytime they wanted ta get a good piece a tail and a few
nodded, one or two even smiled, and soon Harry was able to stop
talking and he went back to his desk and drank beer, more rapidly,
keeping all the pitchers full, telling the guys ta drinkup, theres
plenty more, the unions gonna keep the beer flowin, hahaha, and he
emptied another glass, refilled it and soon was unable to move
without staggering and he sat at his desk, pushing his chair back and
forth from time to time, spilled a glass of beer on his desk and
laughed as it trickled off the edge, someone yelling that it was a
good strike and a few others yelled, yeah, and Harry laughed his
laugh and pushed the beer off the desk with the palm of his hand and
said theres plenty more and the guys laughed and soon tired of
hanging around with Harry and told him goodbye, we/ll seeya, keep the
beer cold, and Harry asked them not to go, hang around a while. We/ll
getus some pussy later, but the guys said they had business and left.

Harry looked at his desk, the glass and pitcher of
beer. haha. No work tomorrow. Gotta piss. He stood, bumped against
the desk, shoved his chair back and laughed when it banged against
the wall, leaned on the desk looking at the beer then staggered to
the yard and pissed, sighing. Thats what I needed. A good piss. haha.
Nothin like a good piss. Maybe the guysll come back tomorrow, ahh . .
. thats betta. He turned off the lights and went home.

He left the house the next morning as soon as he
dressed and went to his office. He filled a pitcher with beer and sat
at his desk. He leaned back and put his feet on the desk. It was
kindda nice to sit alone and drink beer for a while. He could use the
relaxation. Hed been working hard on the strike and tomorrow would be
another busy day. It was kindda nice to sit alone in his office. He
really liked it. It really wasnt so bad. He picked up the pitcher to
refill his glass. It was empty. Didnt think hed been there that long,
but I guess maybe I have. He laughed and got up and refilled the
pitcher and then his glass. Somea the guys should be around soon.
Must be late enough. He sat back and put his feet back up on the
desk. It wasnt bad being alone though. For a while.

A car stopped in front of the Greeks and he got up
from his desk and went to the door and yelled across to the guys
going into the Greeks. They looked and strolled across the street,
Vinnie carrying a package. Harry stood at the door as they walked in
and the guys flopped around after filling glasses with beer. Vinnie
put the package on the desk and tore the paper off. Here yaare Harry.
We toldya we/d getya a radio. Hows this? pretty good, eh? If we wasnt
so desperate for loot youd never get it. Harry walked over to the
desk and looked at the radio, turned the knobs and watched the needle
move along the dial. Youre lucky we/re beat man or we/d never giveit
toya for a lousy 30 skins. Now at least we can have some music around
here. This joints like a morgue, unwinding the cord and plugging it
in. It even has short wave man, turning the dial and stopping when a
voice singing in a foreign language came from the radio. See. I wish
ta fuck I could keep the thing. Yeah, it sounds pretty good, turning
the dial again, stopping as the sound of different languages reached
them. Hey Vin, get some music, yeah? Vinnie switched it back to the
standard band and Harry reached over and started toying with the
dial. He watched the needle move slowly across the lighted numbers
and when a screeching sax wailed someone yelled, thats it man, and a
hand pushed Harrys from the knob and tuned in the sax. The volume was
turned up and someone told Harry ta fill up the pichas and someone
slapped him on the back, great set, eh man? and Harry nodded and
picked up a pitcher and refilled it and he watched and listened to
the guys snap their fingers and yell with the music and Harry felt
their friendship and felt too, again, spasms of expectation and
everything seemed sortofright and Harry felt comfortable.

When Vinnie told him to give him the money now Harry
took the thirty dollars from his wallet and handed it to him and told
the guys ta drink up, the brewery needs the barrels and laughed and
toldem theres plenty more and once more started blithering and
babbling about the union and women and the guys just ignored him and
continued to drink until they got bored and left Harry with his beer
and radio. Harry sat alone for a while listening to his radio, toying
with the dials, drinking the beer, laughing his laugh, gripping the
knobs tighter and twirling them fast then slow, moving the dial where
and as he pleased, listening to a station for a few minutes, changing
it, tuning in shortwave and feeling that he could drag the foreign
countries in as he pleased.

He stayed at his desk drinking beer and listening to
his radio until his head started to hang toward his chest. He emptied
his glass, unplugged the radio, put it under his desk, put out the
lights, locked the door and started walking the few blocks, which
would only take a few minutes and was only a short distance away,
home.

Harry was sick the next morning but dragged himself
from the house to his office. His entire body was twitching and Harry
forced down a few beers to straighten himself out before the men
came. He got a couple of glasses down and a half dozen aspirin, his
headache slowly leaving and the turmoil in his stomach subsiding, yet
he still felt a tension, an apprehension, and he cursed the bars for
not being open yet so he could get a shot and get rid of his
hangover. When the men started coming, a little before 8, their
joking and laughter, as they grabbed signs and had their books
stamped, annoyed Harry. When all the signs had been distributed and
fresh coffee made, Harry went to the bar for a couple of fast shots
and came back convinced he felt better. When he got back to the
office he turned the radio on and sat behind his desk drinking beer
and joking with the men. When one of the officials called Harry told
him he had bought a radio for the office, figured the men/d like a
little music or maybe hear a ballgame when they come off the line,
and the official told him to send a bill to the union and he would be
reimbursed. Harry hung up the phone and sat back in his chair feeling
very official and important; and although the morning passed slowly
for Harry until he got over his hangover, the afternoon passed
rapidly, especially after his phone conversation ( strike
headquarters, local 392, Brother Black talkin) with the union
official.

When the last of the men left that night Harry sat at
his desk drinking for a while then went across the street to the
Greeks. He ate slowly until a few of the guys came in and then ate
rapidly, talking and laughing. When he finished they went back to the
office and drank and listened to the radio, the guys ignoring Harry
as usual, just nodding or mumbling an occasional answer. A few more
of the guys came in but they didnt stay too long and once again Harry
was sitting behind his desk alone with a pitcher of beer and a glass.
The sun had set and the street was quiet and cool and though Harry
had been drinking beer all day, and had been feeling relaxed for
hours, the butterflies in his stomach started again as he walked
home.

The baby was asleep when he got there and Mary was
watching t v, waiting for him. She called him in the living room and
Harry sat in a chair, Mary leaning over to rub his ear, Harry too
confused and not drunk enough to shove her hand away. After rubbing
his ear for a few minutes without Harry twisting his head away Mary
sat on the arm of the chair and put an arm around his neck. A short
time later she coaxed him into the bedroom and Harry undressed and
lay beside her until she pulled him on her. Harry continued to drift,
as he had through the day, only silently and lethargically, still
experiencing the sharp depression that overcame him when the guys
left and he was alone with his radio, beer, desk and chair, the
depression of disappointment after a long wait. When Mary pulled him
over on her he allowed his body to move in the directed direction and
she put her arms around him, breathing on his neck, rolling under
him. Harry just lay on her until he became conscious of her voice
then rolled off, lit a cigarette and lay on his side smoking. Mary
rubbed his back, kissed his neck and Harry continued to smoke, still
immobile, still silent and Mary rubbed his ear and rubbed his arms
until Harry eventually shook her hands off. Mary lay on her back for
a while, mumbling and rolling slightly from side to side, Harry still
silent, until Harry finally put his cigarette out and adjusted
himself to go to sleep. Mary looked at his back for a while then
rolled over on her side, pulled her knees up toward her chin and
eventually fell asleep.

Mary told Harry tagotahell
when he told her to fix breakfast. He told her again to fix breakfast
or hed break her fuckin head. Do it yourself and dont botha me. Harry
called her a fuckin slut and left the house. Harry couldnt remember
how he had felt the night before, but he did know he felt different
this morning, the usual resentment against Mary filling his thoughts.
She was once more responsible for his misery as were the bosses for
the fact that he didnt make much money. Between them they tried to
make his life miserable; they tried ta fuckim everytime he moved; if
it wasnt for them things would be different.

* * *
Harry slowed down in his busding around the office as
the days passed until, after a few weeks, he just sat, most of the
time, behind his desk except for an occasional walk to the line to
relieve the tension of just sitting in the small office. The men too
slowed and while on the picket line moved just enough not to be
standing still. When they spoke with each other it was with
comparatively quiet voices and when they spoke with the police it was
just a word or two, or, more usually, a nod. There was no desperation
in their appearance or action, but the novelty of being on strike was
over and now it was just a job like any other job only they werent
getting paid for this. What little lightheartedness remained after
the first full week of picketing slowly vanished with the forming of
each Saturday food line and when the men went home with $10 worth of
groceries. They had to report to the meeting hall and before the food
was distributed the President gave a speech and the first Saturday he
told them what a fine job they were doing on the line and especially
praised brother Harry Black for the way in which he carried out his
duties as organizer and administrator of the strike field office. He
told the men that they had met with the companies negotiating
committee each day the past week, but they were offering starvation
wages and that their committee refused to give in to them even if
they had to stay on strike a year. When he finished speaking the
clique stamped, cheered and whisded and soon most of the men were
applauding the President as he jumped from the platform and walked
among the men slapping them on their backs and shaking their hands.
Then the men lined up for their food bags. There were many comments,
jokes and laughter as the lines slowly moved forward and each man was
handed his bag, but when they were alone the bag looked small. The
second Saturday the Presidents speech was even shorter, the applause
quieter, the men more silent as they stood on line. Only a few could
think of something funny to say. And so each week ended.

When the men first started picketing the plant they
would make jokes about the few executives who were going to work,
greeting them occasionally with jeers and boos, but soon they cursed
them each morning and each night, the police telling them to shut up
and keep moving. After the first few weeks had passed the men stood
still as the executives entered the building and started threatening
them, the police waving their clubs in their faces and telling them
to be quiet and keep the lines moving or they would pull them in.
Each day the voices, curses and threats of the men were more vehement
and after a few weeks more police were stationed at the entrance of
the building in the morning and evening; and when they told the men
to watch themselves and keep moving the men spit in front of the cops
or mumbled something about goons; and each day the routine was the
same except that it grew more intense and the men were continually
looking for an excuse to hit someone, anyone; and the police were
just waiting for someone to start something so they too could find
relief from the boredom by cracking some-ones skull. And as the
boredom increased so did the resentment: the resentment of the men
toward the cops for being there and trying to prevent them from
winning the strike; and the police toward the strikers for making it
necessary for them to stand around like this for hours each day when
they werent even allowed to go on strike if they wanted more money.
The men moved as slowly as possible, sneering at the police when they
passed them; and the police stood facing them all day swinging their
clubs by the leather thong and telling the men to keep moving if they
stopped even for a second; and the men would stand still for a
moment, staring, hoping someone would say fuckyou to one of the cops
so they could wrap their signs around their heads, but no one said
anything and as a cop took a step forward the men started moving
again and the strike and the game continued.

When the men came back to the office now they dropped
their signs on the floor, Harry telling them at first to take it easy
then, after being told to go fuckhimself a few times, said nothing
and picked the signs up when they left. Soon new signs had to be
painted and each time the men saw newly painted signs they became
more bitter and cursed the fucks in the company who were keeping them
out of work, and cursed the cops for helping those
fuckin-bellyrobbers.

The company had been preparing for the strike many
months before it started and so, when the first pickets donned their
signs and started parading jubilantly up and down in front of the
factory, the existing orders had been filled and work transferred to
other plants throughout the country or subcontracted to other firms
and the primary, and almost only, concern of the executives in the
Brooklyn factory was coordinating the transferring and shipping of
work and finished products between the various plants and
subcontractors. The first few days of the strike were hectic and, at
times, slightly chaotic for those executives responsible for
coordinating work between the various firms, but after that
everything proceeded routinely with only an occasional emergency that
would be met with long distance calls and soon enough the situation
would once more be under control.

When the strike was months old a call came from one
of the factories located in the northern part of New York State where
the final assembling of large units was being done. The contract was
a time penalizing one and if all the units werent delivered by the
specified date a $1,000 per day, for each day over the time, would
have to be defaulted by the company. The work had already been
delayed for three days because of various failures and breakdowns,
but the assembly line had finally been set up and half the factory
and personnel were geared to complete the work by the specified time.
The work had proceeded smoothly, and it was determined that the work
would be completed on time, when it was discovered that one of the
final elements, made in the Brooklyn plant, was missing. A call went
in immediately to the Brooklyn plant and a quick check of the records
indicated that the entire lot had been finished the day before the
strike started but, for some reason, had never been shipped. The
shipping department was almost empty so the crates containing the
needed parts were found quickly. A call was made to the upstate plant
and the information relayed along with a promise that they would go
out tonight.

Mr. Harrington cursed the men with him, but only for
a moment, then started calling small neighborhood trucking firms to
find one that would cross the picket line and deliver the material.
He finally found one who said he would do it and quoted a fantastic
price, but the manager had no choice but to agree and made out a
check for half the amount, the other half to be paid when the
delivery was made.

The men on the picket line were startled when the
trucks turned into the runway leading to the loading platform, but
only for a second. They yelled at the drivers of the trucks that they
were on strike and the drivers yelled fuck you. A few of the men
tried to jump on the hoods of the trucks, but fell; a few others
picked up stones and tin cans and threw them at the drivers but they
just bounced off the cabs. When the men tried to follow the trucks to
the platform the police grabbed them and held them back. The yelling
of the men on the picket line was heard by the others hanging around
the office and they came running; and a call was made from one of the
police cars for additional men. Some of the police formed a line
across the runway while others pushed the men back. Soon there were
hundreds of men yelling and pushing; those in the rear shouting to
shove the fuckin cops outta the way and get those fuck-inscabs; the
men in front screaming in the faces of the cops and being shoved by
the mob behind them into the line of police that was slowly
weakening. For many minutes the amoeba like mass flowed forward,
backward and around, arms and signs bobbing up and down over heads;
white gloves and clubs raised; red infuriated faces almost pressed
together, words and spit bouncing off faces; anger clouding and
watering eyes. Then more police arrived by the carsful. Then a
firetruck. Men leaped from the cars and were assimilated by the mass.
A fire hose was quickly unraveled and connected; a loudspeaker
screeched and told the men to breakitup. FUCKYOU FLATFOOT GO AND
FUCKYA-SELF YASONOFABITCH IF YOU MEN DONT BREAKITUP WE/LL RUN YOU ALL
IN NOW GET BACK FROM THAT RUNWAY YEAH, SURE, AFTA WE BREAK THOSE
FUCKINSCABSHEADS DERE TAKIN THE BREAD FROM OUR MOUTHS IM TELLING YOU
FOR THE LAST TIME, BREAKITUP OR I/LL TURN THE HOSE ON YOU WHO PAID
YAOFF YASONOFABITCH The line of police had been extended and was
pushing as hard as it could against the mob, but the men became more
incensed as more cops fought them and the voice threatened them and
they felt the power of their numbers and the frustration and lost
hope of fruitless months on the picket and food lines finally found
the release it had been looking for. Now there was something tangible
to strike at. And the police who had been standing, bored, for months
as the men walked up and down, telling them to keep moving, envying
them because they at least could do something tangible to get more
money while all they could do was put in a request to the mayor and
be turned down by the rotten politicians, finally found the outlet
they too had been waiting for and soon the line became absorbed by
the mass and two and three went down to their knees and then others
too, strikers and cops, and a sign swooped through the air and
thudded against a head and a white gloved hand went up and then a
club thudded and hands, clubs, signs, rocks, bottles were lifted and
thrown as if governed by a runaway eccentric rod and the mass spread
out, some falling over others and heads popped out of windows and
doorways and peered and a few cars parked cautiously or slowed and
observed for a moment and the mass continued to wallow along and
across 2nd avenue as a galaxy through the heavens with the swooshing
of comets and meteors and the voice that screeched now directed
itself to the firemen and they walked slowly toward the grinding mass
and a white glove clutched at a head and the glove turned red and
occasionally a bloody body would be exuded from the mass and roll a
foot or two and just lie there or perhaps wriggle slightly and four
or five beaten and bloodied cops managed to work their way free from
the gravity of the mass and stood side by side and walked back to the
mass swinging their clubs and screaming and a sign was broken over
one of their heads but the cop only screamed louder and continued to
swing, still walking, until his club was broken over a head and he
picked up the broken sign without breaking rank and continued and the
thudding of the clubs on heads was only slightly audible and the
sound not at all unpleasant as it was muted by the screams and curses
and they stepped over a few bodies until a line of strikers was
somehow formed and they charged the cops not stopping as the clubs
were methodically pounded on their heads and the two lines formed a
whirling heated nebula that spun off from the galaxy to disintegrate
as the strikers overwhelmed them and kicked the cops as they tried to
regain their feet or roll away and sirens screeched but were unheard
and more police jumped from cars and trucks and another fire hose was
unraveled and aimed the order given to open the hydrants and not wait
until the police who were whirling with the strikers could extricate
themselves and a few of the strikers noticed the second hose being
readied and then noticed the first hose and charged the firemen but
the water leaped forth in an overpowering gush and one of the men
took the full force in his abdomen and his mouth jutted open but if a
sound came out it was unheard and he doubled over and spun like a
gyroscope runamuck bouncing off the men behind him and bouncing to
the curb and those who were behind him were knocked and spun and a
few policemen ran frantically to the various street corners trying to
direct and divert traffic but all of the cars moved slowly no matter
how urgently the police waved them on not wanting to miss any of the
excitement and the voice screeched again giving directions and the
two powered battering rams were directed with knowledge and precision
and soon the mass was a chaos of colliding particles that bounced
tumbled and whirled around against and over each other and soon it
was quiet enough to hear the ambulance sirens and the louder moans
that spewed from the mass and soon too the street was clear of the
smaller debris and even the blood had been washed away.

The fire hoses were shut off and those who were
injured too seriously to move unaided were helped to the sidewalk
where they sat down and leaned against the buildings or were helped
into one of the waiting ambulances or patrol cars and taken to the
hospital.

The street was still congested with men, cars,
trucks, ambulances and onlookers. There were still hundreds of
strikers standing in small groups talking, helping injured strikers,
looking at the cops and waiting for the trucks to come out. Harry,
who had carefully avoided the fight, moved from group to group, his
shirt hanging out, hair mussed and face dirtied, cursing the bosses,
the cops and those fuckin scabs, asking the men how they were and
slapping them on the back.

The police too were concerned about the trucks.
Additional men had arrived and a barricade was setup to keep the
strikers away from the runway and the hoses were placed in strategic
positions. Again the voice told the strikers to breakitup and again
the men said FUCKYOU and remained where they were: eyeing the cops,
who stood behind the barricade, and the firemen with their hoses. The
voice told them they didnt want to use force but, if they didnt
disperse immediately, that force would be used. The men yelled and
cursed and started spreading out getting ready to charge the
barricade as soon as the trucks came up the runway. The voice told
them they had exactly 60 seconds before the hoses would be turned on
again and started counting. There were still 30 seconds left when the
first truck was heard coming up the runway. The counting was stopped
and the hoses were ordered turned on. The men had yet to take their
first forward step when the water hit them. The hoses were used
expertly and none of the strikers reached the barricade until the
trucks were almost a block away and then they just stood yelling and
cursing.

When the trucks were out of sight the men backed away
from the barricade, stood looking at the cops for a few minutes then
slowly walked away, going home or back to the office. The police and
firemen slowly gathered up their equipment and went back to their
various stationhouses. 83 men were hospitalized.

Some of the strikers going back to the office carried
the remnants of signs, some helped others still bleeding or still
dazed from the fight. The injured men were driven home, Harry telling
them hed see that their books were marked that they got hurt; the
others crowded into the office or hung around outside.

The men in the office were still yelling and cursing,
Harry passing out beer, telling them how he clobbered a cop—hoping
no one had noticed he avoided the fight—or how he just missed
getting hit with a club, but everyone was too angry to pay any
attention to him just as they had been too busy to remember who was
where during the fight. Harry eventually worked his way over to his
desk and sat down with a beer, extremely conscious of the noise and
wondering if there was something he could do. He leaned on the desk,
sipped his beer, wishing a thought would pop into his head. It wasnt
until he saw the President and a few other officials forcing their
way through the crowd that he realized he should have called the
union office. He leaped up and stumbled around his desk shouting that
he had been trying to reach the office and everyone was yelling and
crowding around the officials and they stood still and yelled for the
men to be quiet, for krists sake. How can we find out what happened
with everybody yelling. They all started yelling again and the
officials waved their hands and the men started to quiet and Harry
tried to force his way forward but one of the men placed himself in
front of the President and told him hed tellem what happened. I was
on the fine when the trucks came in. What trucks? All the men started
answering and yelling and the officials waved their arms again and
the man who had started talking yelled ta shuttup. I/ll tellem what
happened. We was on the line when all ofasudden these 4 trucks come
down 2nd avenue and turned down the runway to the loadin platform . .
. When the entire story had been told the President asked if anyone
saw the name of the trucking company and one of the men said he
knewem. Ive seen those trucks in the neighborhood, and he gave the
officials the name and told them where they were usually parked. Then
the President told the men that everything would be taken care of and
that no more trucks would pass the line and that they should go home
and take it easy and that from now on there would be someone watching
the street at all times and when anything, I mean anything and I dont
give a fuck what it is, tries to pass the line that everybody was to
haulass over to the line and block the joint. The men yelled, yeah,
we/11 show the fucks. But dont hang around the plant or the copsll
only start again. The law says you can only have so many men on the
picket line and theyll use any excuse they can to split your skulls
so dont givem the chance. Try and stay off the street as much as
possible when youre not on the line and they cant do a thing.

The President went over to the desk and made a phone
call while the other officials shook hands with the men and patted
them on the back as they walked them toward the door. The President
was on the phone for some time, making arrangements to have more
signs printed and making certain that they would definitely be in the
strike office by 8 oclock in the morning; then spoke to a few other
people in the union office and by the time he finished the office was
empty except for the other officials and Harry, who had been standing
behind him ever since he first picked up the phone.

Harry offered him a cigarette then fumbled for a
match, the President finally taking one out of his own pocket. Harry
tried to tell him how he had tried to stop the trucks, but was
interrupted by the other officials who started talking to the
President. They formed a small huddle, talking low, Harry standing on
the fringe, and Vinnie and Sal came in. Whattayasay Harry? I hear
yahad a little trouble. Yeah man, I hear we missed a good rumble.
They filled a couple of glasses with beer then rejoined Harry. Ya not
gonna letem getaway with that shit, areya? Yabet yasweet ass we/re
not. Dont worry, itll never happen again. If it wasnt for the fuckin
cops they never wouldve got pastus. Shitman, theres other ways ta
stopem. Yeah, smiling at each other and drinking their beer.
Whattayamean? Shit, all yagotta do—the President came over and
asked Harry who they were. Harry told him their names and said they
were a couple of the guys from the neighborhood. This is the
President of the union. Whattayasay. Had a little trouble, eh? Not
too much. You boys have something on your minds? Just a little
business proposition, eh Sal? Yeah. Like what? Like gettin ridda the
trucks. Is it worth 200 taya ta get riddathem? Do you think you can
do it without any trouble? Yeah. If theyre parked where that guy says
they are itll be a slopeout. The President turned his back to the
others, gave them $200, said goodbye to Harry and left with the other
officials. Sal and Vinnie split the money, finished their beers and
left. Another day of the strike had ended.

The next day there were hundreds of men at the office
by a few minutes after 8. By 8:30 they were spread throughout the
office and the street drinking coffee, eating cake and drinking beer.
The signs had been delivered a few minutes after Harry opened the
office and the men rushed with firstdayofthestrike eagerness to grab
them and set up the picket line. They joked, laughed and slapped each
other on the back energetically, as they did that first day, but they
werent relaxed as they were then, but were tensed and hopeful,
hopeful of another fight but this time they would be expecting it and
would be ready and each man could animate the dreams and thoughts of
the night before where they stopped the trucks, pulled the drivers
from the cabs and beat their skulls in, each man doing it
singlehandedly or, at the most, with the help of a few friends; and
when the cops tried to stop them they took their clubs from them and
bashed their fuckinskullstoapulp then took the fire hoses and washed
the rotten bastards down the fuckin sewer. They drank beer and
coffee, continually looking toward the factory, slapping each other
on the shoulder but, as they did they tensed their muscles wishing,
and hoping takrist, that it was the face of one of the shiteatin cops
or one of the scabbastard drivers that they were shovin their fist in
... or maybe one of the punk executives would givem some shit and
they could beat his ass.

But no one came to work that day and no trucks came
within two blocks of the factory. Mr. Harrington told the others to
stay home, it was Friday and one day would not do any harm. The
shipment went out and there was nothing left that they had to do; and
by Monday the strikers would have gotten over their anger and
everything would settle back into the routine of the days, months,
preceding the fight. The men stayed all day, greeting each newcomer
loudly, slapping briskly, but as the day moved and nothing happened
they became tired of commenting on all the cops they had there now,
must be over a hundred ofem, and how theyd like to break their fuckin
skulls; and as the day slowly passed so did their enthusiasm, their
frustration and anger increasing. Their cursing was more vehement but
it not only lacked organization it also lacked direction. The cops
were just standing there, saying nothing; there were no trucks trying
to break the line and no wiseyoungpunkofapencilpusher trying to take
the bread from their mouths.

The sky remained cloudless all day and the sun
bright. It was hot. Very hot. A perfect day for the beach, but none
of them were in a mood to enjoy the beach yet they cursed those
bastards, if it wasnt for them they could be down the beach now or
sittin home with a can of beer watching the ball-game on t v. And
they cursed those bastards to each other and by mid afternoon the 4
kegs of beer were empty and Harry ordered a few more and they were
delivered righta-way, but some of the men were tired of drinking beer
and they drifted, in small groups, into the bar next door to get
something stronger, something more satisfying and by the time 5
oclock came, and the sun still had a few hours before it set, their
anger was simply anger, no longer even attempting to direct it but
just letting it grow until they went home and passed out or got in a
fight in a neighborhood bar. When the men left Harry told them to be
back bright and early Monday.

Harry felt good sitting at
his desk drinking beer and smoking. He had spent the day telling the
men how the union wouldnt let them get away with that kindda shit,
and wishing he could tell them what he had planned to do to the
trucks. If only he could tell them. Then theyd really know how
important he is. But whatthefuck, theyd know how important he was
anyway. Yeah. He put his feet up on the desk and emptied his glass
and leaned back thinking of how soon all the men would nod and say
hello when he came by and hed really be respected and maybe he could
get rid of that bitchofawife who was always breakin his balls and
gettinhim so nervous he could hardly work sometimes and then that
fuckinpencilpushinpunk wilson would shit when Harry Black came around
and his smile almost became a smile and he refilled his glass, lit a
cigarette, closed his eyes and watched wilson and some of the other
punks cowering in fear.




* * *
Sale and Vinnie left the Greeks a little after 11,
stole a car, got a few cans of gasoline and drove to the small lot
where the trucks were parked. They stopped for a moment, looked
around, then drove around the block a few times, then the
neighborhood for about 10 minutes or so making sure there were no
streets closed for any reason or cops in the vicinity, then drove
back to the lot and parked the car. The trucks were old models with
gas tanks on the side. They tossed gasoline over the trucks, opened
the gas tanks, soaked rags in gasoline and put them in the tank
openings letting them hang to the ground, then poured a line of
gasoline from one rag to the other, all the lines connecting and
leading toward the exit. They put the empty gas cans back in the car
then lit the stream of gas and ran to the car. They waited until they
saw the first trucks catch fire then drove away, turning left on 3rd
avenue and speeding as fast as they could for a few blocks then
turned down to 2nd avenue which was completely deserted. About a
minute after they left the lot they heard an explosion and saw a red
glow in the sky. There goes the first one Vin. Yeah. Looks kindda
pretty, eh? Yeah. Itll look even better when the others go too. Yeah,
and they laughed. They were half way back to the Greeks when they
heard more explosions, muffled but still identifiable, and the glow
in the sky was brighter. Pretty good job, eh? Yeah. I guess we gavem
their moneys worth. You know Sal, we could go in business if the
strike lasts long enough. Yeah, laughing. They ditched the car, first
dumping the gas cans, and went back to the Greeks.

Harry was standing on the sidewalk looking down 2nd
avenue toward the glow in the sky. Harry laughed his laugh when he
saw Sal and Vinnie. Whaddayause a hand grenade? hahaha. Whattayasay
Harry? Whattayadoin here? I came ta watch the fireworks, haha. Ya
guys sure know how ta blow things up, haha. Take it easy, eh man.
Yeah, dont talk so fuckin loud. Dont worry. We/re not, but youd betta
get home. If the law comes around they/ll drag yaass in. Yeah,
turning away from the creep and going into the Greeks. I/ll seeya,
laughing his laugh and going home.

Harry had a long lovely sleep. When he awoke, late in
the morning, he lit a cigarette and looked at the ceiling, closing
his eyes from time to time, hearing, but not paying attention to, the
sounds Mary made, as she walked around the apartment, and his son, as
he played on the living room floor. He thought of that lovely red
glow in the sky and how hed like to go up to wilson and the boss and
tell them ta watch out or theyd get their asses blown up too, just
like those fuckin scab trucks ya sent out. Ya may think youre a big
wheel or somethin, but dont fuck with me or youll be sorry, yahear?
Dont fuck with Harry Black, Shop Steward of Local 392 so watch it
buddy, youre not fuckin with a nobody. Im on the union payroll now
and dontya forget it because I pull weight around here and I get my
money every week no matter how long the strike lasts and what Mary
dont know wont hurt her, I could use the extra money myself anyway,
Im the fuckin boss around here and she/d betta not fuck with me
either or I throw her ass out in the street. Id be betta off
withouter the way shes always breakin my balls . . .

Harry stayed in bed for a couple of hours, looking at
the ceiling, closing his eyes, smoking, his face twisting
occasionally into an almost smile. When he got up he dressed and went
up to the Greeks. He had a couple of cups of coffee and something to
eat and sat around for a while then told the counterman to tell Sal
and Vinnie, or any of the guys that come in, that he was across the
street in his office.

He filled a pitcher with beer, grabbed a glass and
sat at his desk, rolling the chair back and forth a few times. He sat
at the desk for a few minutes then jumped up and went next door to
the bar and asked the bartender if he had todays paper. Yeah, theres
one on the table in the back. Takeit if yawant. Harry took the paper
and left the bar waving to the bartender. Seeya lateta. He spread the
paper out on his desk, after looking at the front page, and looked at
the centerfold. There was a small picture of a few trucks burning.
The caption said that the trucks were parked in the lot for the night
and had mysteriously burst into flames and exploded. No one was
injured. Harry guzzled some beer, licked his lips and stared at the
picture, almost smiling, for many minutes, then called the union
office. I see in the paper that a couplea trucks got burned last
night, hahaha. Yes, the police have been here already. No shit? what
happened? Nothing. They asked some questions and we told them that we
knew nothing about it. Fuckem, the pricks. Right, and the
conversation was ended.

Harry had almost finished his second pitcher of beer
when Sal, Vinnie, a few of the other guys and the fairy that had been
in the bar, came in. Harry got up and waved to the guys, whattayasay,
looking at the fairy, watching her walk daintily across the floor
toward him. The guys grabbed glasses. Howd yalike that little job we
did? Not bad, eh? and someone handed the fairy a glass. She eyed it
disdainfully, I hope you dont expect me to drink from this filthy
thing . . . really! Theres a sink in the back. Go washit. What the
fuck ya bitchin about? youve had worse than that in ya mouth, and the
guys laughed. Any meat I put in my mouth honey has the government
stamp of approval, and she sauntered to the sink and carefully washed
the glass, Harry watching her until she came back then he turned to
Vinnie. Yeah, that was a good job. Theres a picha in the paper. Here.
They looked at the picture and laughed. Man, whatta night. What a
fuckin ball. Yeah. Weve been gobblin bennies all night man and we/re
highern a motherfucka. Hey, how about some music, and the radio was
turned on. Hey, this kegs almost empty man. That one over theres
full. Tapit. Hey Harry, this heres Ginger, a real sweet kid,
chuckling, but dont fuck witer man. She use ta be a brick layer.
Yeah, now shes a prick layer. The guys laughed and Harry leered at
her. Hey, dont yaknow how ta tap a fuckin keg? the fuckin beers goin
all over. Whattaya want from me? its warm as piss. Harry said hello
and Ginger curtsied. Go next door and get some ice from Al. Its too
fuckin hot ta drink warm beer. No shitman, she really use ta be a
bricklayer. Yeah, shoim ya muscle Ginger. She smiled and rolled up
her sleeve and exhibited a large appleshaped muscle. Aint that some
shit? But she got some lovely chips, snapping his fingers and making
a chirping sound. You can look but dont touch. Thats it man, pack the
sonofabitch with ice. I like cold beer. Tell me Harold, are you in
charge of this establishment. Hey, watch yalanguage. Harry sat down,
pushed his chair back and drank some beer. Yeah. Im in charge a the
strike, wiping his mouth with his hand, still staring. Ginger smiled
and almost told him he looked ludicrous, but could not be bothered
putting the freak down. My, that must be quite a task. Yeah, its a
bitch of a job, but I get it done. Im pretty big in the union yaknow.
Yes, I can well imagine, her stomach twitching from swallowed
giggles. Whattayamean its not cold enough yet. Im dyin a thirst. How
inthefuck can yadrink warm beer. Wit my mouth, what thefuck yathink.
You know, I'm hungry. Why dont one of you gentlemen get me something
to eat. Here, I got ya supppa, swingin, and they laughed. Im sorry
honey, but I dont like moldy worm eaten meat. Save it for your Mother
... if you have one. Hahaha, youre my motha, come an getit. Hey
Harry, how about callin up some joint and havin some food sent down
here. Ya can sign the bill. O, can you do that Harold? Sure. I can
get anythin yawant. I just send the bills to the union. I got a
expense sheet. Id just love a barbecued chicken. How the fuck canya
eat afta all those bennies. I couldnt go near any food. All I wanna
do is drink. Im driernhell. O you novices. Really! Order me a
barbecued chicken Harold and get a chocolate layer cake, waving her
hand majestically and nodding her head to indicate that she had given
an irrevocable order. Yeah, get some chickens, a couplea cakes—and
a gallon a ice cream. Man could I go for some ice cream. And how
about some potato salad and pickles? Yeah, and—call up Kramers
delicatessen on 5th avenue. They got all that shit up there. Harry
got on the phone and they continued to shout orders at him and he
relayed them to Mr. Kramer. When he finished ordering he sat back and
took another gulp of beer and watched Ginger as she danced lightly
around the room, the excitement that had started when he awoke and
increased as he looked at the picture and continued to grow when he
called the union office and when the guys and Ginger came in,
continued to increase and he leaned forward in his chair slightly as
Ginger whirled around the room shaking the tight cheeks of her ass
and Harry caressed his beer glass and licked his lips not knowing
exactly what he was doing, his body reacting and tingling, aware of
nothing but a lightness, almost a giddiness, and a fascination. And a
feeling of power and strength. Things would be different now. He was
Harry Black. On the payroll of local 392.

When the food came Ginger accepted Harrys gracious
offer and sat in his chair and well mannerdly ate a chicken, a few
helpings of potato salad and cole slaw and cake, then, tired of
drinking unladylike beer, told Harry he should get a few bottles of
gin, some tonic water and a few limes which Harry did, adding the
bills to the pile in the drawer, and the party continued. Harry was
getting very drunk and Ginger, who was in an even more bitchy mood
than usual, thought it would be fun to toy with him. She got up from
the chair and told Harry to sit then sat on his lap, put her finger
in his ear and played with his hair. Harry leered, his eyes rolling
slightly. He was drunk but still able to feel the tingling in his
thighs yet unaware of the spasmodic jerking of his fingers, the
moisture in his mouth. Ginger leaned her face closer to Harrys,
tenderly caressing his neck and she watched Harrys lips quiver, felt
the trembling in his legs and saw his eyes unfocusing and rolling
back. Ginger roared hysterically inside herself and leaned closer to
Harry, smiling, until she could feel his slimy breath on her cheek,
then jumped up and tapped him playfully on the nose. Of you naughty
man, getting a nice young girl like me all excited, posing
provocatively in front of him. She took a few short dainty steps
backward, smiling at him coquettishly, and wriggled in time to the
music from the radio, glancing over her shoulder at Harry
occasionally, leaning her head to one side and winking. Harry
continued to lean forward until he fell from the chair, spilling his
drink, and kneeling on the floor behind his desk. He dropped the
glass and pulled himself up, tiny droplets of saliva hanging from his
lips and chin. He pulled himself up and leaned forward. Comeon, lets
dansh. Ginger put her hands on her hips and watched him lumber toward
her, feeling the power she had over him and despising him. She put
her arms around him and started dragging him around the floor,
stamping heavily on his toes and lifting her knee up into his groin
from time to time, Harry wincing but still trying to smile and
drunkenly trying to get closer to her. Ginger pinched his neck
fiercely with her fingernails and laughed as Harrys eyes closed, then
patted him on the cheek and rubbed his head. Thats a good dog. Do you
know how to beg for a bone, lifting her knee into his crotch, Harrys
face twisting. Its a shame we/re not in Marys now. You could buy me
drinks and we would have a wonderful time, pinching him again. Harrys
eyes closed again. Watch Marys? O, a lovely club I know on 72nd
street thats just filled with freaks like you. Youd love it, stepping
on his foot and grinding her heel into it. Harrys eyes watered.
Letsgo, sliding his hand down Gingers arm, Ginger flexing her hard
muscle, bending her arm and squeezing Harrys hand in the crotch of
her elbow until he stopped dancing and tugged to loosen it, Ginger
squeezing harder, her face set in a smile, putting all her strength,
hatred and loathing into the squeezing of Harrys hand, wallowing in
the joy of holding Harry immobile with the bending of her arm,
feeling like David, not killing Goliath with one stone from his
sling, but slowly twisting him down and down and down with the simple
twisting of one massive finger with her small dainty ladylike hand.
Ginger applied as much pressure as she could, the pressure now
hurting her too, but she continued to squeeze Harrys hand as he
tugged to loosen it, his face becoming whiter, his eyes bulging, too
startled and in too much pain to yell, his mouth hanging open, saliva
dripping, spreading his legs for balance and leverage, pushing her
arm with his other hand, looking at her in complete bewilderment, not
understanding what was happening, too drunk to comprehend the
incongruity of the situation: the little faggot conquering the giant
with the crotch of her arm; his eyes asking why but no question
formed in his mind, just instinctively trying to free himself of the
pain. Ginger stared directly into his face, smiling still, wanting to
crush him, to force him to his knees. He bent his arm to one side,
still not using his other hand against Harry, his face stiffening as
Harrys body started to lean with the pressure, Ginger wanting to yell
IM MORE OF A MAN THAN YOU, then suddenly she opened her arm, spun
around and left Harry standing there, looking after her as she mixed
herself another drink, holding his hand and rubbing it.

Ginger strolled around the room, gulping at her
drink, talking with the guys and looking at Harry occasionally and
smiling. Harry made his way back to his chair, filled his glass and
sat, rubbing his hand, wondering just what had happened, slowly
becoming conscious of the noise from the guys and the radio. Somebody
slapped him on the back, whattayasay Harry, laughed and staggered
away, Harry looking at him dumbly and nodding. Ginger came up behind
him and twirled his hair with her fingers and slowly moved around in
front of him and leaned against the desk. I like your party. I hope
the strike lasts for a while, we can have a ball. Harry nodded his
head as he weaved back and forth in his chair, almost falling off
again. Ginger patted his cheek, Youre cute. I like you, smiling and
giggling inside as Harrys eyes once more showed his bewilderment. Its
too bad we cant be alone, we would have such fun. Harry put his hand
on her leg and Ginger lifted it gently. Fresh. My, but you get a girl
all aquiver, crossing her arms against her breast. Harry leaned
toward her, licking his lips, mumbling something, and Ginger patted
his cheek, then turned away, tired of her little game, turned the
radio off and announced that they should go back uptown. I find
staying in Brooklyn too long very oppressive. Yeah, letsgo. Maybe
therell be some action ta-night. Harry tried to grab Gingers arm as
she picked up the gin bottle, but she twirled away from him and
strutted out of the office. Harry leaned forward in his chair holding
onto the edge of the desk and watched her leave, not noticing the
guys as they picked up the other gin bottles and food and left.

Harry leaned against the desk staring at the door in
a semicatatonic state, his head slowly drooping to one side until his
head finally bumped against the desk. He jerked it up, blinked his
eyes then stared again at the door, slowly sliding from his chair
until he was on the floor. Harry curled up under the desk and slept.

Harry slept, curled cozily
under his desk, until late morning. The sun was bright and shone
through the office window, lighting the entire office except for
Harrys snug little cove. Harry sat in the darkness under his desk
with his knees under his chin fighting to squint his eyes open,
peering up at his chair, and its barred shadow on the wall, conscious
only of the pain in his eyes. He attempted nothing, not even closing
his eyes against the brightness of the sun shining on the wall, a
brightness that reflected only on his eyes and not into the darkness
of his cubicle. He sat there for hours not thinking of challenging
his lethargy until the demand to urinate became so intense he was
forced to crawl from his niche. After he urinated he leaned over the
sink and let cold water pour on his head for many minutes then found
his way back to his chair and sat smoking and staring until the pain
in his head prodded him from his chair and he locked the office and
went next door to the bar. He sat alone and silent at the end of the
bar drinking, not thinking or glowing over the fact that he could
spend as much as he wanted then get it back from the union as he had
been doing since the strike started; not even aware that his head
stopped aching after an hour or so. For a short time, after drinking
for a few hours, he started thinking of the previous day and he felt
an excitement in his body but he could not fight through the haze
that obscured the night and soon he was just drunk. It was still
early evening when he left the bar and stumbled home and into bed,
still fully clothed, and curled up in a corner and slept.

* * *
Monday morning the men had regained some of their
former enthusiasm with the possibility of another truck trying to
cross the picket line, a truck that they would be prepared to stop.
The incident of the trucks took on added importance to the men during
the weekend. They had talked about it continually on Friday and by
the time they drank their last beer Sunday night they were convinced
that the fact that the company had to break the line with trucks
meant that they were hardup to fill orders and that soon they couldnt
afford to keep the shop closed. Some even thought, briefly, of going
down to the office Sunday night or early Monday morning to see if the
company would try to sneak trucks in before the men started
picketing, but soon convinced themselves that it wasnt necessary. So,
Monday they were slightly elated as they knew the strike would soon
be over and they could stop haggling with the wife about money. They
were convinced too that the company would try again to break the line
before giving in to the strikers and so everyone, even those who
stayed in the office drinking, were ready to run down 2nd avenue when
the word was given that more trucks were coming and when they did and
were stopped, then the company would have to accept the unions
demands. And so they waited and hoped.

Everytime Harry stamped a book during the morning he
asked the men if they saw the picture in the paper of the trucks
burning, and intimated in every way that he was completely
responsible for burning the trucks. By late morning even Harry was a
little tired of hearing the same thing for hours so he stopped
talking about the trucks and soon, after a pitcher of beer or so, a
few memories and images of Saturday night returned and he remembered
the guys coming in the office, he remembered the music, the gin and
Ginger dancing. He had felt good Saturday night, that he definitely
remembered, and too he remembered how the guys seemed to respect him
because of his position in the union and because he could order any
thing he wanted and have the union pay for it; and he remembered how
Ginger admired him for his strength and how she liked to talk with
him and feel the muscles in his arms and legs. There were still a few
things he could not remember, but they must have been unimportant and
soon the thought that they existed was absorbed and they had never
happened.

The men rejuvenated their
hope through the day but, as the picketing day approached an end, the
effect of all the hopeful efforts was almost negligible. The trucks
that were to prelude the ending of the strike never arrived and
though they tried at first to think that they would not come until
later and that it was natural that the company should wait a day or
so before trying again, the men could not accept these explanations
no matter how hard they tried. They had started the day expecting a
deus ex machina and with its appearance their troubles and the strike
would be over; and though they tried to convince themselves, and each
other, with many arguments, that the company would have to give in
soon they found it impossible to maintain any optimism and when the
day came to an end they put their signs away quietly, nodded to each
other and left. The day had been long and hot. It had been many hours
since anyone had looked up at the clear blue sky. It was still
summertime and there were many more hot days to come.

* * *
The union and management met regularly to arbitrate
their dispute. Each side was more arrogant and noisy than usual the
first meeting after the incident of the trucks, but the resuit of the
meeting was the same as all the previous ones. The union could not
allow anyone to administer the welfare plan but, even if their books
had been in order it was far too late now for them to concede to the
companys demands. After being on strike this long they could not
settle for the same contract that had been offered before they
started the strike. There was still ample money in the strike fund,
enough to continue to give the men their 10 dollars bag of food each
week, to last a year if necessary; and other unions throughout the
country had pledged assistance any time it was needed. The union
officials were indignant about the companys attitude in being so
rigid and in sending trucks through the line and left Mondays meeting
declaring they would not meet with them for a few weeks, not until
the company reconsidered its arbitrary stand and realized that the
men were willing to stay on strike for a year if necessary in order
to get a decent contract. The recording secretary remained in the
city and the other officials went to Canada for a rest. They needed a
rest from the pressures of the strike and the oppressive heat.

Mr. Harrington told the other company representatives
that they had to remain firm. Except for the oversight that
necessitated their hiring a freight forwarding firm to cross the
picket line and deliver the much needed parts to the upstate plant,
everything had been running smoothly. Their other plants, and
subcontractors, throughout the country had been geared in ample time
to handle all existing orders and any that might come in during the
immediate future. All their government contracts were being fulfilled
and no new ones would be forthcoming before February of the following
year. At least none of any quantity. And too, the manner in which the
contracts had been distributed to other plants, and the manner in
which the transfers had been noted on the books, meant a substantial
tax saving would be effected. Of course a few of the younger
executives had a burdensome amount of work to do because of the
strike, but a substantial bonus at Christmas and a pat on the back
would not only satisfy them but would encourage them to work even
harder in the future. And the cost of the bonuses would only amount
to a minute percentage of the money saved in unpaid wages. Perhaps
they would be prevented from taking a vacation now, but Mr.
Harrington did not care if no one went on vacation for years, he was
determined to try and get rid of Harry Black. After all, what did he
have to lose.

Harry did not notice the change in the men as they
carefully leaned their signs against the wall and left. A few minutes
after five he was the only one in the office so he just hung around
for a while, drinking beer, his mind wandering over what had happened
lately, and he remembered Ginger mentioning Marys on 72nd street. He
thought about it for a while then decided to go. He got a cab and
when they got to 72nd street he told the driver to go down the street
and when he saw Marys he told the driver to stop at the next corner
and he walked back.

It wasnt until he approached the door that he started
to feel uneasy, that he became conscious of being in a strange
neighborhood, outside a strange bar. He went in and moved immediately
to the side and tried to melt in with the others standing at the bar.
There were so many people in Marys and so much noise—the jukebox in
the rear clashing with the one at the bar—that Harry was able to
lose himself in the chaos and his selfconscious-ness faded before he
finished his first drink. Eventually he was able to work his way into
a spot at the bar where he could see the rest of the bar and most of
the back room. At first he was surprised at the way in which the
women acted, but after listening to them talk and watching them move
he eventually realized that most of them were men dressed as women.
He stared at everyone as they moved and talked, never certain of
their sex, but enjoying watching them and enjoying too the thrill and
excitement he felt at being in such a weird place. The people in the
back room fascinated him more than the others as he imagined what
they were doing with their hands under the table, and was
particularly amazed when he saw a big, muscled, truckdriver looking
guy lean over and kiss the guy sitting next to him. The kiss seemed
to last for many minutes and Harry could almost feel their tongues
touching. He stared. He noticed the tattoos on the big guys arms. He
looked quickly at his own dirty fingernails then back at the lovers
in the booth. Their mouths slowly separated and they looked at each
other for a moment then reached for their drinks, the big guys arms
still around his lovers shoulder. Harry continued to stare until his
uneasiness forced him to lower his eyes and he picked up his drink
and gulped it down. He ordered another, sipped at it, lit a cigarette
and continued to lookaround.

Occasionally someone smiled at Harry, brushed against
him or spoke to him and a few times he smiled his smile but it ended
the scene rather than continued it, so Harry stayed alone drinking
and looking until he noticed Ginger come in. She walked quickly to
the back and was out of sight before Harry could move. He stared
after her for a moment wanting to go after her, but he knew if he did
that the guys from the Greeks would find out so he finally decided to
finish his drink and leave before she saw him.

The next morning Mary wanted to know where Harry went
last night and where he was last Saturday night and if he was going
to be home tonight and if he thought this was a flophouse and he
could come home any fuckin time he felt like it and ever since the
strike started he was goin around like he thought who he was and she
wasnt gonna stand for any shit like this . . .

Harry continued to throw water on his face as she
talked and ignored her as he walked past her into the bedroom and got
dressed and when he finished and was ready to leave he told her ta
shut-thefuckup or hed raper in the mouth. Mary stared at him
determined not to tolerate his complete indifference. She looked
Harry in the eye, expecting, waiting, for him to lower his eyes or
turn his head and told him she wasnt going to stand for any more of
his shit. Harry stood where he was, still staring at her, but
becoming more and more conscious of her eyes, of her, and starting to
waver inside, starting to think of spitting in her face, of walking
out of the house, becoming more conscious of his thoughts and
indecision and almost starting to fear her when her voice pushed
these things down in his mind. It wasnt what she said—her words
undefined, only one long penetrating sound heard—but just the
movement of her lips and the sound providing something tangible to
stop his faltering. She had just stopped talking and was still
staring at him when he slapped her across the face. Go fuck yaself.
Mary continued staring at Harry, her mouth open, touching her cheek
with the tips of her fingers. Harry left the house and walked
quickly, smiling his smile, to the office ready to start another day
of the strike.

The men picked up their signs and gave their books to
Harry to be stamped; or filled a cup with coffee, a glass with beer,
with a certain amount of resignation and a large degree of silence.
They were not completely humorless, but were in no mood for jokes.
Harry felt good, free, but was in an introverted mood thinking about
Marys and so he sat quietly, nodding, speaking occasionally, and not
slapping backs and roaring, but seeming to share the uneasiness and
concern of the men.

Harry did not go back to Marys until Friday night. He
filled out his expense voucher as usual, talked to the guys who had
come over from the Greeks as usual to drink beer, stayed in the
office for a while after they left, then went to Marys. He walked
right in and went to the corner of the bar, looked around to see if
Ginger was there, then ordered a drink. Marys was even more crowded
than it had been the other night and there was so much noise from the
jukeboxes and people screeching that he could not hear the bartender
when he asked him if he wanted his drink mixed. He leaned over the
bar to hear, nodded, then jerked his head back when he heard a
whistle. A pretty young fairy was looking at him, smiling and shaking
his head, saying something, but Harry could not hear him. Harry
turned his head but glanced occasionally at him from the corner of
his eye. He leaned a little more heavily against the bar, looking
around the bar, into the backroom, watching people move, watching
their gestures, glancing occasionally at the pretty young one still
standing in the same place at the bar. Harry tried to imagine what
was being done with hands under the tables in the backroom, and what
was being done at the tables out of his sight.

He finished each drink in two swallows and the
swallows were closer together. He felt good when the strike started.
He was nervous when he had to talk to the men at the meeting when
they started the strike, but he felt good then too; and he felt good
a couple a times since then when the guys came around and they talked
and drank and that sort of thing; and he felt real great when the
trucks got blown up, yeah . . . yeah, he felt real good that night
and the next day with the picture in the paper . . . yeah, thats when
they started to know who he really was. They knew he was something
before, but after that they really knew. Yeah, it was great gettin
more money and spending all ya wanted and just fill-in in a slip,
just like those pricks in the company and that punk wilson who think
theyre such hot shit walkin around in a white shirt and all that
shit, but he was just as good as any ofem, he knew a few things and
could throw a buck on the bar. Fuck them, the ballbreakers. They
couldnt shove him around anymore . . . yeah, and fuck Mary too. Aint
breakin my balls anymore . . . thats right, aint had that dream since
the strike started. Blow a couple more trucks up and I/ll never have
it. Fuckit. Anyway its gone . . . and thingsll be different after the
strikes over too. Ya bet ya-sweetass—he glanced again at the pretty
fairy and when he looked back at Harry Harry didnt turn his head. He
continued to look and his face unfolded slightly and fell into his
smile, but this time it came a little closer to being a real smile
and the pretty one smiled and winked—yeah, thingsve been good since
the strike. He wished ta krist he could see that fuck wilson and that
ballbreaker harrington—Mr. Big-shit—sweatin it out. They mustta
shit their pants when the trucks were bombed. Bet he knows what he/ll
get if he fucks with me too much—the pretty one was standing next
to him. Harry smiled down at him. She wiggled slightly. Can I buy you
a drink? Yeah. Harry gulped the last swallow of his drink and let her
buy him one. Harry rocked a little on his feet. Guess Im a little
drunk. Ive really been throw-inem down. You look like the sort of man
who can drink a great deal of hard liquor, touching his forearm and
leaning closer. I mustta put a quart away already, not countin what I
had this afternoon, holding on to the edge of the bar and twisting
his arm slightly so his muscles would tighten. Isnt this place simply
marvelous? Yeah, trying to stand taller and straighter. I just love
men who work hard, I mean who work with their hands. Yeah, I hate
pencil pushers. Me, Im a machinist. 1st class journeyman. But I
really work for the union. O, are you an union officer too, smiling.
All her johns and trade were the same. They were all some kind of big
shot. Yeah, Im pretty big in the union. Im takin care a the strike.
O, that must be interesting, not minding a certain amount of this
sort of conversation, but hoping it wouldnt go too far. It really is
rather crowded and noisy in here, isnt it, smiling and tilting her
head back gracefully. Yeah, but it aint bad though. Would you care to
leave? we could go to my apartment and have a few quiet drinks. Harry
stared for a moment then nodded.

When they got to the apartment Harry sprawled on the
couch. He felt drunk. Everything was alright. My name is Alberta,
handing him a drink. Whats yours? Harry. She sat next to him. Why
dont you take your shirt off. Its rather warm in here. Yeah, sure,
fumbling with the buttons. Here, let me help you, leaning over and
slowly unbuttoning Harrys shirt, glancing up at Harry, pulling the
shirt out of his trousers then sliding it off the shoulders and arms
and letting it fall behind the couch. Harry watched her as she
unbuttoned his shirt, felt the slight pressure of her fingers. He
almost thought about the guys and what they would say if they saw him
now, but the thought was easily absorbed by the alcohol before it
formed and he closed his eyes and enjoyed the closeness of Alberta.

She stayed close to him, resting one hand gently on
his shoulder, looking up at him, sliding her hand along his shoulder
to his neck, watching his face, his eyes, for any reaction; feeling a
little uneasy with Harry, not absolutely certain how he would react.
Usually she knew how rough trade would react before she attempted
anything, but with Harry she wasnt too certain; there was something
strange in his eyes. She thought she understood what was behind them,
but she still preferred a little caution to recklessness. And too,
this was exciting. Occasionally she just had to cruise and bring home
trade that looked dangerous; but, slowly, as she caressed his neck
and back and looked into his face, she realized that she didnt have
to fear Harry; and she understood too that this was a new experience
to Harry. The puzzled expectant look on his face excited her. She had
a cherry. She tingled. She rubbed his chest with the palm of her
other hand. Your chest is so strong and hairy, the tip of her tongue
showing between her lips; rubbing his back, touching gently the
pimples and pockmarks. Youre so strong, moving closer, touching his
neck with her lips, her hand moving from his chest to his stomach, to
his belt, his fly; her mouth on his chest, then his stomach. Harry
raised himself slightly as she tugged at his pants then relaxed, then
tensed as she kissed his thighs and put his cock in her mouth. Harry
pushed against the back of the couch, squirmed with pleasure; almost
screamed with pleasure at the image of his wife being split in two
with a large cock that turned into an enormous barbed pole, then he
was there smashing her face with his fist and laughing, laughing and
spitting and punching until the face was just a blob that oozed and
then she became an old man and he stopped punching and then once more
it was Mary, or it almost looked like Mary but it was a woman and she
screamed as a burning white hot cock was shoved and hammered into her
cunt then slowly pulled out, pulling with it her entrails and Harry
sat watching, laughing his laugh and groaning, groaning with pleasure
and then he heard the groan, heard it not only from inside, but heard
it enter his ear from outside and he opened his eyes and saw Albertas
head moving furiously and Harry moaned and squirmed frantically.

Alberta kept her head still for many minutes before
getting up and going to the bathroom. Harry watched her walk away
then looked at his prick hanging half rigidly between his legs. It
hypnotized him and he stared at it for a moment knowing it was his
yet not recognizing it, as if he had never seen it before yet knowing
he had. How many times had he held it in his hands as he pissed; why
did it seem new to him? Why did it suddenly fascinate him so? He
blinked his eyes and heard the water running in the bathroom. He
looked at his penis again and the strangeness disappeared. He
wondered briefly about his thoughts of a moment ago. He couldnt
remember them. He felt good. He looked toward the bathroom waiting to
see Albertas face.

Her face had a polished wax glow and her long hair
was neatly combed. She wiggled toward him, smiling. She laughed,
lightly, at Harrys surprised look when he noticed she was wearing
nothing but a pair of womans lace panties. She poured two more drinks
and sat beside him. Harry took a gulp of his drink and touched her
panties. Do you like my silks? Harrys hand jerked back. He felt
Albertas hand on the back of his neck. She gently guided his hand to
her leg. I love them. They/re so smooth, holding his hand on her leg
and kissing his neck, his mouth, sliding her tongue into his mouth,
searching for his, feeling the bottom of it as Harry curled his
tongue back in his mouth, caressing the base of his tongue with hers,
Harrys tongue slowly unfolding and lapping against hers, his hand
grabbing her cock, Alberta moving his hand away and back on her leg,
letting her saliva drip from the tip of her tongue onto Harrys,
squirming as he clutched her leg tightly, almost feeling the drops of
spit being absorbed by Harrys mouth, feeling his tongue lunging into
her mouth as if he were trying to choke her; she sucked on his tongue
then let him suck on hers, rolling her head with his, moving her hand
over his lumpy back; slowly moving her head back and away from his.
Lets go into the bedroom, darling. Harrv pulled her toward him and
sucked on her lips. She slowly separated her mouth from his and
tugged him from the back of his neck. Lets go to bed, slowly
standing, still tugging. Harry stood, staggering slightly. Alberta
looked down and laughed. You still have your shoes and socks on.
Harry blinked. He was standing with legs spread, penis standing
straight before him, naked except for his black socks and shoes.
Alberta giggled then took his shoes and socks off. Come on lover. She
grabbed him by the prick and led him to the bedroom.

Harry flopped onto the bed and rolled over and kissed
her, missing her mouth and kissing her chin. She laughed and guided
him to her mouth. He pushed at her side and at first Alberta was
puzzled, trying to understand what he was trying to do, then realized
that he was trying to turn her over. She giggled again. You silly
you. You never have fucked a fairy before, have you? Harry grumbled,
still fumbling and kissing her neck and chest. We make love just like
anybody else honey, a little peeved at first then once more relishing
the charm of having a cherry. Just relax, rolling over on her side
and kissing him, whispering in his ear. When she finished the
preparations she rolled back onto her back, Harry rolling over on
her, and moved rhythmically with Harry, her legs and arms wrapped
around him, rolling, squirming, groaning.

Harry lunged at first, then, looking at Alberta,
slowed to an exciting movement; and as he moved he was conscious of
his movements, of his excitement and enjoyment and not wanting it to
end; and though he clenched his teeth from lust and pinched her back
and bit her neck there was a comparative relaxing, the tautness and
spasms being caused by pleasure and desire to be where he was and to
do what he was doing. Harry could hear hers and his moans blending,
could feel her under him, could feel her flesh in his mouth; there
were many tangible things and yet there was still a confusion, but it
stemmed from inexperience, from the sudden overpowering sensations of
pleasure, a pleasure he had never known, a pleasure that he, with its
excitement and tenderness, had never experienced—he wanted to grab
and squeeze the flesh he felt in his hands, he wanted to bite it, yet
he didnt want to destroy it; he wanted it to be there, he wanted to
come back to it. Harry continued to move with the same satisfying
rhythm; continued to blend his moans with hers through the whirlygig
of confusion; bewildered but not distracted or disturbed by these new
emotions giving birth to each other in his mind, but just
concentrating on the pleasure and allowing it to guide him as Alberta
had. When he stopped moving he lay still for a moment hearing their
heavy breathing then kissed her, caressed her arms then rolled slowly
and gendy onto the bed, stretched out and soon slept. Harry was
happy.

Harry didnt open his eyes immediately when he awoke,
but lay thinking then opened them suddenly, very wide, and turned and
looked at Alberta. Harry sat up. The entire evening jammed itself
into Harrys mind and his eyes clouded from his terrible anxiety and
confusion. For the briefest moment he hid behind alcohol and
overlapping images hung in front of him, then passed. He dropped back
on the bed and fell asleep once more. When he awoke again later he no
longer wanted to run. The frightening clarity felt for the moment
when he first awoke assimilated itself with the usual confusion of
Harrys mind and he was now able to look at Alberta and remember the
night, in a general penumbrous way, and not be afraid to be
there—though still fearing the consequences of having someone find
out—but the fears and confusion were overshadowed by his feeling of
happiness.

Actually it was this feeling of happiness that
bothered Harry more than anything else at the immediate moment he sat
in the bed and looked at Alberta and remembered, with pleasure, the
night before. He knew he felt good, yet he couldnt define his
feeling. He couldnt say, Im happy. He had nothing with which to
compare his feeling. He felt good when he was telling wilson off; he
felt good when he was with the guys having a drink; at those times he
told himself he was happy, but his feeling now went so much beyond
that that it was incomprehensible. He didnt realize that he had never
been happy, this happy, before.

He looked at Alberta again, then got out of bed and
poured himself a drink. Too many things were starting to run through
his mind. He couldnt take the chance of sitting there, sober, and
allowing them to free themselves upon him. He lit a cigarette and
drank the drink as fast as he could, then poured another. He took a
little longer drinking this, then went back to the bedroom and sat on
the edge of the bed with his 3rd drink.

He wanted to wake Alberta up. He didnt want to sit
there alone and vulnerable; he wanted to talk with her, but he didnt
know if he should call her or shake her or perhaps just bounce up and
down on the bed. He took a drink, a drag of his cigarette, then put
the cigarette out, rattling the ashtray on the table. Alberta moved
and Harry quickly moved his head so he wouldnt be looking at her and
yawned loudly. Alberta rolled over and mumbled something and Harry
quickly turned, bouncing the bed as much as possible, whatdidya-say?
Alberta mumbled again and opened her eyes. Harry smiled his smile and
took another drink. Another day had started.

It took Alberta a while to wake up completely, though
she did get out of bed and wash and go about her usual morning
routine, and so it was quite a while before she became conscious of
what Harry was saying and the fact that he was following her around
the apartment. He wasnt hanging over her shoulder, but he was always
within a few feet of her and whenever she turned Harry was there,
smiling his smile. The first word she was aware of, while they drank
coffee, was strike and though she still wasnt awake enough to
understand each word she understood that he was telling her how he
was running a strike, or some such thing, and how he was gonna shove
it up somebodys ass. She hoped that he would either stop or slow down
or that she would get enough energy to say something that would at
least change the subject; but after a few more drinks Harry slowed
down and they enjoyed each others company. They went to a movie in
the afternoon; ate when they came out; then sat for a few hours in a
bar. When they got home Harry made love to Alberta then they sat
drinking and listening to music. Alberta found Harry amusing and
enjoyed being with him, except when he tried to convince her he was a
big shot—though she didnt mind his throwing money on the bar or
taking a cab when they only had a few blocks to go—but when he did
she changed the subject; and, too, she liked the way Harry kissed
her. Not that he kissed any better or was less freaky than the
others, but she could feel his excitement from the newness of the
experience. They sat for hours on the couch, drinking, vaguely aware
of the music from the radio, holding hands and kissing. Alberta
leaned her head on Harrys shoulder, her eyes half closed, humming,
turning from time to time to glance at Harry. Harry smiled his smile
and there was a slight softness about it, and even his eyes had a
slight tenderness in them. He touched her hair lightly and his hand
tightened on her shoulder. They spoke infrequently and when they did
their voices were low, Harrys even losing some of its roughness. They
just sat, cuddled on the couch, for hours, Alberta moving a foot in
time to the music; Harry loving having his arm around her and feeling
her close to him. When Alberta asked Harry if he would like to go to
bed he nodded and they got up and, still holding hands, walked slowly
to the bedroom.

When Harry left Alberta Sunday afternoon he was in a
daze. He hadnt thought of leaving. If she hadnt told him that she had
to see someone that afternoon and that he had better leave he would
have remained unaware of time and the fact that tomorrow was Monday
and there were books to be stamped. He remembered the weekend and
everything that happened, but he couldnt believe it was Sunday. Time
just couldnt have passed that fast. The bouncing of the cab and the
noises of the streets forced reality upon him and he knew he was
going back to Brooklyn. He had wanted to ask her if he could see her
again, but he didnt know how, no words came from his mouth, they
hadnt even completely formed in his mind. He tried hard to think of
how to ask her and to get the question out, but then the door was
closed and he was walking down the street and now he was on his way
to Brooklyn. Who was she going to see? Hed probably see her again in
Marys. Hed be going there again.

He didnt go right home but went to the bar for a few
hours. When he got home Mary was watching t v. He said nothing, but
undressed and went to bed, smoked and thought of Alberta, remembering
many times the last kiss in the doorway. Before he fell asleep the
baby awoke and started crying and Mary eventually came in and talked
to him and bounced him in the crib. The sound of their voices seemed
to come from a dream and didnt interfere with his thoughts or the
memory of the kiss.

The next morning Harry washed and dressed without
saying a word. Mary watched determined to say something. She was
nervous, but even a slap on the face was better than nothing. As
Harry was about to leave she asked him if he was coming home that
night. Harry shrugged. Where wereya Friday and Satu —Harry swung
his arm in a stiff arc, fist clenched, and hit her in the corner of
her mouth with the back of his fist. He hadnt looked or thought, but
had simply closed his fist and swung. He paid no attention to the
biting sensation he felt as his hand hit her teeth nor later did he
think of the fact that it was the first time he had punched
her—thousands of times he had thought of it, dreamed of it, had
tried—or turn to look at her after hitting her. He just swung and
turned and left the house.

He rubbed his hand as he walked. He felt good.
Relieved. It had been a long time since he had had his nightmare. It
was not even a memory.

Harry stamped books with
accuracy, retaining the silent introspective mood he had recently
acquired. The men were quieter and more solemn as they picked up
their signs and had their books stamped, Harrys still quiet mood
allowing them to ignore him, and they walked the picket line in the
same despondent way they did everything else. Most of them had lately
tried to get another job, but because they were on strike it was
impossible to get one, the companies thinking they would leave as
soon as the strike was setded, and so they walked around the plant,
nodded to each other, took out their book, poured a cup of coffee or
a glass of beer, put away their signs, said goodbye and left with the
same air of hopelessness. Since the incident of the trucks the police
guard had been increased and the men rotated so one officer was never
there more than 3 hours a week, the department thinking this would
prevent any personal disputes, caused by the boredom of having to be
there, doing nothing, from erupting into a major incident; and so the
policemen stood their posts, chatted with each other, and watched the
strikers in an officially alert and disinterested manner.

* * *
At the first meeting between the company and the
union after vacations they spoke for a while, said nothing, then
decided to meet again in two days. At that meeting a few of the
problems were discussed before the meeting was adjourned with a
decision to meet in two days. Three, and sometimes four, times a week
they met, put their briefcases on the large conference table, sat
opposite each other, took their papers out of the briefcases and
started talking. Slowly, by almost infinitesimal degrees, they
seriously discussed a few of the issues that were preventing a
settlement of the strike. Summer was almost over. Harrington was
under no pressure to end the strike, having convinced the other
officers of the corporation and negotiating committee that the
company could afford to allow the strike to continue for many more
months without an appreciable loss in net income, and he did not
think there was enough pressure on the union to attempt to dispose of
Harry, and he was determined not to agree to any settlement until he
had tried everything possible to rid himself of Harry Black.

The union would have liked to have the strike settled
as soon as possible, but only on their terms: They had to have
complete control of the Welfare Plan. Though the strike had been in
effect for many months the union officials felt no pressure on them.
Everything was going smoothly and though their personal incomes had
been cut because there had been no contributions to the Welfare Plan
since the strike had started, there were ample funds coming in from
other unions throughout the country to take the extra money they
needed from these contributions. And the men were getting their bag
of groceries each week. Some of them might be getting a little short
of money, which was unfortunate, but the strike would continue, for
months if necessary, until it was agreed that they would retain
control of the Welfare Plan. And so no urgency was felt by either
side.

The President, or another
member of the committee, gave a short speech each Saturday before the
food was distributed. They assured the men they were doing everything
they could to settle the strike—they knew the men wanted to get
back to work; that they couldnt afford to stay out of work for ever;
that their bank accounts were running low; and that, in many cases,
their wives had to go to work—but, they also told them, they knew
the men wouldnt settle for anything less than a decent contract with
a decent wage and that they were going to see that the men got that.
They werent going to sign any sweetheart contract and let the company
continue to take the bread out of their mouths . . . and the clique
whistled and yelled and a few of the others joined in and the orator
descended from the platform and mingled with the men, slapping them
on the back, encouraging them, and nodding to each one as he accepted
his bag of groceries.

* * *
Harry went to Marys every weekend and, after the
first few weeks, during the week occasionally. The first time he went
there after meeting Alberta she introduced him to some of her friends
and during the months that followed Harry met some lovely young boys
at Marys and the parties he went to with them. When he went to Marys
he no longer slid to a place at the bar near the door, but walked
around looking to see who was there, nodding and sitting at tables,
wondering who was standing at the bar envying him as he put his arm
around a young shoulder. Most of the fairies he met liked him—he
was a good fuck and he spent money— but didnt like to be with him
too long too often. It wasnt just his talking about the strike that
caused them to shy away, though he was a boor, but a strangeness and
a feeling of uncertainty that eventually made them uncomfortable.
They had all seen, kissed, sucked and fucked freaks of all varieties
from men who had spent most of their lives in prisons and could be
satisfied only by a boy, men who were capable of cutting a throat not
only without feeling, but without reason, to men who locked
themselves in the bathroom when their wives went out and dressed in
their wives clothes, occasionally going to a place like Marys when
they had a night out. But these men were completely obvious to the
fairies and they knew just how far they could go in any direction
with them. Harry was different, or at least they felt he was. There
was some little something that they couldnt sense, that they were
uncertain about, that eventually made them nervous. It might simply
be that Harry would like to dress up as a woman and go to a drag
ball, or parade down Broadway; or perhaps some day he would flip and
kill one of them. They didnt know.

As summer passed, and the
pleasant autumn weather followed, Harry joined his new friends when
they went for a drive in the country. They would jam into a car with
a few bottles of gin and benzedrine, turn the radio up and slap the
side of the car in rhythm to a jazz or blues song and sing along with
it, snapping their fingers, wiggling in their seats—O honey, what I
couldnt do to this number—passing the bottle back and forth—taking
an occasional bennie— flirting with men in other cars; or, if in
the mood, they would listen to an Italian opera, sighing rapturously
after each aria; telling anecdotes about the gorgeous tenor or the
temperamental diva, their heads moving gently with the music; taking
small sips from the bottle; squealing and pointing at trees whose
leaves reminded them of a Renoir and they jumped in their seats to
see a new combination of colors, each one, almost by turn, pointing
to a grove that was thrilling with reds, browns, orange or gold and
at ones where all the colors blended and the leaves seemed to toy
with the sunlight their colors were so brilliant; and in between were
the greens of pines and blues of spruces and a few times they stopped
by a lake or pond and giggled as they scampered around picking up
acorns or chestnuts and took off their shoes and splashed their feet
in the water and giggled as they watched squirrels peek at them for a
moment before dashing away; and they would sit by the water or under
a tree and sip the gin, take more bennie, then fill the car trunk
with leaves, keeping some out to hold on their laps, to look at, to
smell, to rub with a handkerchief, continually talking of how
beautiful it was . . . and Harry sat in the back, saying little, not
minding the music or their screeching over a bunch of leaves, not
noticing much of anything, but happy to be with them.

* * *
Walking the picket line was less tiring now that the
cooler weather had arrived. When the men finished their time on the
line and handed their signs to their relief, or put them away at
night, they werent sweaty or fatigued as they had been during the
summer, yet they still started and ended each day a little more
despondent than the day before. Though a few, while not on the picket
line, sat around the office drinking beer, most of them sat or stood
in small groups talking. The two kegs of beer that used to be ordered
each day now lasted 3 or 4 days—Harry adding the extra money that
had been spent on beer to his expense sheet—and were drunk mostly
by Harry and the guys from the Greeks. And, as it got darker earlier
each day, more of the men left after their tour of duty and went home
to watch t v or cook supper and wait for the wife to come home from
work; and some went to a bar, going home late to avoid the argument
about who was going to cook and clean now that the wife was working.

The men no longer looked down 2nd avenue expecting to
see trucks. The incident wasnt forgotten, but the hope that it had
aroused—and the hatred that had revived their enthusiasm—was
irrevocably lost and they performed their duties as strikers
listlessly and hopelessly. A few of the men were able to get new jobs
and their books were voided. When this was announced at a Saturday
meeting boos and catcalls came from the clique, but the men were
silent, some envying them, others no longer capable of anything but
lethargy; and the men whose books had been voided were only thought
of, if at all, when the strikers joined the hundreds of workers from
the Army Base at five oclock walking up 58th street to the subway.

Daylight saving time was in its last week when the
company made the long awaited concession: They finally agreed to
consider allowing the union to continue the administration of the
Welfare Fund. But there were conditions. A few were with respect to
the amount of the companys contribution, certain aspects of
supervision in the factory, and a few other items that they both knew
could be negotiated easily; but they also wanted the right to
discharge Harry Black. The union representatives immediately leaped
to their feet and declared the demand unreasonable and unthinkable.
It was more than just a case of Harry being a member in good standing
and an able worker, but to even suggest that they would or could
violate the trust and welfare of the membership was an insult to
their integrity. Not only that, it was an insult to every union
member and officer in the country. They slammed their briefcases shut
and the two forces stood opposite each other haggling for many
minutes before the union representatives walked out.

The company and the union had had over a hundred
meetings since the beginning of the strike and had been meeting every
day, for many grueling hours, for over a month now. Although neither
side was, as yet, in a desperate position, pressure was mounting. The
union officials knew they couldnt allow the strike to continue too
much longer without a good, tangible, palatable reason to give the
men. There was too much grumbling; the men were obviously
dissatisfied and pressure had been slowly building up from government
agencies who might, eventually, investigate the reasons for the
prolonging of the strike; but now they had their reason.

Harrington recognized and realized that the men with
whom he was negotiating would see the plant remain closed for a year
rather than relinquish their control of the Welfare Fund and he was
perfectly willing, now, to buy them off—to offer a concession— by
allowing them to continue to administer it, but they had to make
concessions too. The pressure on the company was increasing, but
Harrington was determined to try to get rid of Harry Black and he was
willing to keep the plant closed for many more months in order to
accomplish this. The company could go to the end of the year without
losing too much, that had been definitely established by their
accountants and tax experts. Pressure was building up on the company,
but Harrington knew it was building up on the union too and so he
decided it was time to barter. He felt they would gladly concede
Harry for the fund which they obviously could not afford to have
checked. Even after the union officials had walked out of the meeting
he still retained this hope, knowing that they could not possibly
concede immediately, but would have to take at least a month, or
perhaps even longer, to devise a method to accomplish this within the
legal framework of the union.

Of course each of the union officials thought, at
first to himself, of a way they could get rid of Harry without making
themselves open to criticism: They could dump him easily enough and
give as an excuse that he was defrauding the union of money by
submitting fraudulent expense vouchers, or any number of other
reasons. Actually they could tell the membership anything and it
wouldnt be noticed if they told them just before that the company
gave in and signed the new contract. Nobody would miss Harry.

They tossed a few more ideas around, evaluated the
whole setup, and decided the best thing to do was to maintain their
present position: Harry was a good man and stays on the job. Harry
was a nut, but that was what made him so valuable. He continually
overstepped the limits of the contract with regard to working, but
this, in its own little way, helped prevent the company from trying
the same thing. Harry forced the company to fight so hard, and spend
so much time, getting what they were allowed under the contract that
they didnt have time to infringe on the limitations the contract set
on them. They recognized that Harry was the best diversionary action
they had. And too, this made dealing with the company easier for the
officials. Although most, if not all, of the men they had to deal
with at the company hated the union, so much of their hatred was
personal and directed against Harry that the union officials had a
much easier time talking and, under ordinary circumstances, dealing
with them. Harry, in addition to all the other functions he served,
was their builtin patsy. They could never find another shop steward
for local 392 as willing and as capable as Harry Black. He was
irreplaceable.

But of course the real reason they didnt want to
allow the firing of Harry was that if they did they would be
conceding a point, no matter how meaningless, to the company; and,
most important of all, if they ever allowed the company the authority
and privilege to fire someone they would be forfeiting a right that
was theirs and theirs alone; and if they allowed it once they might,
somehow, be forced to allow it again. Yet even if they were
reasonably certain that the company would not try to exercise this
right again they could not allow it even once. Someone might get
ideas about them. It had been a long time since anyone tried to take
their local away from them ( that attempt being stopped easily with a
few killings ) and if they allowed this there would bound to be
someone who thought they were too weak to keep their local. They
didnt believe that anyone could actually take it away from them, but
they didnt want to be forced to spend the time and money to keep what
was theirs, especially now that they had, in addition to many other
things, the Welfare Fund functioning so nicely for themselves. Each
of them had made long term loans based on their cut from the fund and
keeping the books in order required time and attention and then
sometimes when theres trouble things get out of hand and there are
investigations and more time and money are lost.

All these things were
considered and smoked and drunk over and, now that the company
obviously wasnt going to fight against their administering the fund
any longer, they had no need to worry. Pressure was building up, but
the company must be feeling it even more to have made the offer. And
now they had something to relieve the pressure, slightly, for a
while. Next Saturday, before the men received their bag of groceries,
they would tell the rank and file that those sonsofbitches, those
bellyrobbinbastards, were willing to concede a few points if we
allowed them to fire men. And, of course, they would remind the men
of this each Saturday and it should prove enough to get their hatred
directed actively and completely against the company. The officials
looked at each other. No one had anything to add. They agreed that
that was about the size of the situation. Nothing more need be said.
They would not give up their power.

* * *
The guys from the Greeks
still came over almost every night after the picketers had left and
sat around with Harry drinking beer and, if in the mood, ordering
food. Harry putting the cost on his expense sheet. Harry gave them
his usual rundown on the strike and, as usual, the guys ignored him
and played the radio and drank and, as usual, Harry continued his
narration. During the week when Harry didnt go up to Marys he would
lock up the office after the guys left and go home. He hadnt said
more than a few words to Mary, nor she to him, since the morning he
punched her. She left for a few days with the baby after that—Harry
didnt notice that she was gone—but it was even worse being with her
parents so, after a few days, she came back where she could at least
watch t v. Harry would go right to bed and lie on his back
thinking—not noticing Mary when she got into bed, thinking of her
seldom, usually only when he dropped some money on the table for her
to buy food. He would lie in bed thinking not only of all his friends
at Marys, but hoping, as he had so many times, that tomorrow night he
might meet someone who would not only ask him to take her home that
night but every night; hoping he might meet someone who would want to
live with him and they could make love everynight or just sit and
hold hands and feel her small, soft and weak in his arms . . . not
all slimy like a ballbreakin cunt.

* * *
Saturday the President spoke to the men before they
were given their packages. The men, for the last few months, stayed
on the side of the hall near the doors where the packages were handed
out and half of the hall was empty while they jammed and shoved each
other to retain or take a place near the doors; and each week the
shoving and yelling increased. The officials tried to get the men to
sit, but they absolutely refused to give up their places near the
doors and so more than 1,000 men shoved and jostled each other as the
President spoke.

Men . . . Men, we/re beating them! Theyre starting to
COLLAPSE! The men quieted a little and most of them were looking at
the President. Its been a long time—and krist knows weve suffered
with you —but theyre coming around. They havent given in down the
line yet, but its only a matter of time. Theyve agreed to most of the
terms and it wont be long before they agree to the rest. The men
started to move uneasily at hearing the same words again and the
noises started increasing. The President raised his hands and yelled
louder. We could have settled the strike this week if we wanted to,
but we didnt. You want to know why? The men quieted again and stared.
Because we like talking to those stuffedshirtbastards? because we
like to argue with men who are trying to take the bread out of our
families mouths? because we like workin 16 and 18 hours a day??? No!
I/ll tell you why. Because they wanted the right to fire anybody they
want, thats why. If they get a bug up their ass and decide they dont
like the looks of some guy they want to be able to fire him right
there and then. No questions asked, no answers given. Just kick him
out on his ass and let him and his family starve. Thats why we have
been fighting those bastards so hard; thats why we have been out of
work so long. The men were silent, still. More than 1,000 men huddled
near the doors staring at the speaker. More than once since we have
been negotiating with them they have tried to buy us off in one way
or another if we would let them throw men out in the cold any time
they wanted to. And you know what we told them. You know what we said
when they tried that shit on us. I/ll tell you what we said. We stood
up and looked those bastards right in the eye and told them, right to
their fat faces, FUCK YOU! The clique roared approval—thats what we
told them—others joined in the yelling and whistling— thats what
the elected officials of your union said and we walked out—more
yelling and stamping of feet—we left those bastards standing. And
you can bet your sweet ass those sonsofbitches know theres no weak
link in this union —almost all the men roared and whistled—and
we/ll see them dead and buried and piss on their graves before we let
them throw one of our brothers to the wolves—the men continued to
shout and the President leaned over the edge of the platform and
yelled over and between their shouts— we let those
bellyrobbinbastards know that all we want is an honest dollar for an
honest days work . . . we dont want any handouts, we want to work for
our money, but by krist we/re not going to let them get fat from our
sweat. We/re the men who break our backs while they sit their fat
asses on soft chairs in an air conditioned office and rake in the
money for our work. And you know what they say? They say that the
average pay for you men is $8,000 a year plus another $1,000 in
fringe benefits. They say this is enough. They say that they cant
afford to pay more without firing as many as they want. You know what
we said? We told them to let us have all over $50,000 a year that
they were getting and they shut their goddamn mouths fast enough—the
men roared so loud he had to stop speaking for a moment—thats just
what we told them. He stood with his head bowed then slowly raised
it, his voice lower, husky with dedication. I tell you men now that
no matter what happens—even if it should cost me my life—you will
not have to worry about whether or not you will have a job tomorrow
or the next day or the next, speaking slowly, each word seeming to be
forced separately from his overworked and weakened body, this I tell
you now and guarantee that when we sign a contract you will be able
to go home from work each night and know that there will be a job
waiting for you tomorrow. There will be no sleepless nights or empty
bellies. He backed away from the edge of the platform and sat with
the rest of the officials, his head bowed slightly. The men roared,
slapped each other and laughed as they lined up for their $10 bag of
groceries. There would be no trouble from them for a few weeks.

The next Monday the mens spirits were still raised.
There wasnt the picnic atmosphere of the first days of the strike
when they joked, played ball, shot crap and washed and polished their
cars; but the despondency and hopelessness of the past few months had
been relieved, temporarily at least. Now, as with the incident of the
trucks, they had a tangible reason for hating and this allowed them
to ignore the reality of the strike, of their lack of money, of the
fact that they had been out of work for 6 months and did not know how
much longer the strike would last; the daily arguments with the wife,
and that they had to scrimp to make the payments on the house and car
and, in some cases, that there no longer was a car. Now their hatred
and anger was no longer spread over and around everything and
everyone they came in contact with, but was directed, with energy at
the company and the men who were trying to break their union. There
was even a little buoyancy in their stride as they walked the picket
line and a hint of optimism in their voices as they spoke to each
other and occasionally laughed.

Harry walked around with the men too, patting them on
the backside and telling them that theyd break those ballbreakers.
Theyll find out they cant fuckus, and he would smile his smile and
stamp books.

Only a slight reminder was
needed the following Saturday to keep the men comparatively content,
but soon the grins once more faded into scowls and the scowls into
blankness and though the President gave an exuberant and loud speech
before they received their $10 bag of groceries, and told them in as
fatherly a manner as he could, that Thanksgiving morning they would
each receive, in addition to their regular bag of groceries, a 4 lb.
chicken—the clique applauding—they lined up, walked and spoke
with the same sullenness and hopelessness they had not too many weeks
before. And then it was Thanksgiving day. At least the wife would be
home today to cook.

* * *
That night Harry went to the dragball. Hundreds of
fairies were there dressed as women, some having rented expensive
gowns, jewelry and fur wraps. They pranced about the huge ballroom
calling to each other, hugging each other, admiring each other,
sneering disdainfully as a hated queen passed. O, just look at the
rags shes wearing. She looks like a bowery whore. Well, lets face it,
its not the clothes. She would look simply ugly in a Dior original,
and they would stare contemptuously and continue prancing.

There were, too, hundreds not dressed as women: a few
of them fairies who walked about with the others, but the majority
were johns, trade, and bisexuals. They sat around the perimeter of
the ball room on folding chairs or stood leaning against the wall,
dimly visible in the shadows of the barely lighted ballroom,
squinting and leering at the queens. The entire ballroom was lit by
four medium sized spotlights, one in each corner, and the light was
filtered through multicolored discs so spots of colored light crawled
along the ceiling and walls, fell to the floor then crawled along the
floor, over a leg or back and back into the corner. The queens
standing or walking around the floor were continually brushed with
the colored spots and their smooth bared arms would be pocked with
green, purple, red, violet, yellow, or combinations as the colors
crossed each other, and flesh would be covered with brownish or
bluish cores with various colored ellipses wiggling from them; or a
cheek would be pink or white or tan with makeup then suddenly mottled
with a large gangrenous spot, the rest of the face shaded with yellow
and violet and then the cheek would turn purple, then red; and an
occasional light scratched across the faces of the stag line along
the sides of the grand ballroom, a wide staring eye or green wet lips
briefly visible in the shadows; the lights crawling down the wall,
rushing across their faces, then crawling along the floor to their
corner and starting the journey again. A few of the shadows spoke,
some even smiled, but most sat still and silent, hunched forward
slightly following the movements of the lights and queens.
Occasionally a flame would appear as a cigarette was lit and an
orange face would be thrust forward then be completely invisible for
many seconds before coming slowly from the shadows again, the eyes
never once, not for a second, looking anywhere but at the queens and
the roving lights.

Harry stood at the entrance to the grand ballroom
looking around then slid to the side and leaned against the wall
trying to recognize his friends. He know almost everyone from Marys
would be there, but he could not recognize them in drag. When his
eyes became accustomed to the light he looked more closely at the
queens on the floor. He was surprised, though he knew they were men,
how much they looked like women. Beautiful women. He had never in his
life seen women look more beautiful or feminine than the queens
strolling about the floor of the ballroom. Yet, when his surprise
passed, he felt a little disappointed and looked at the fairies not
in drag. He spotted a few he knew and walked over to them. At first
he felt conspicuous leaving the shadowed edge of the room and walking
across the floor with the lights bobbing around, but as he stood and
talked with his friends he wished the lights were brighter.
Occasionally one of their friends, who was in drag, would join them
and though Harry was still surprised at how beautiful they were he
was impatient for them to leave.

Later in the evening a small band played dance music
and couples glided, bumped and twisted across the dance floor. From
time to time a couple would stand almost immobile, arms tight around
each other, kissing and an evil queen would dance by and tap the
queen on the shoulder and tell her to take it easy. You might get a
hardon honey and rip that dress all up, and laugh and dance away; and
people walked back and forth to the bar and others stood on the
stairs in the hallway gulping at a bottle; and couples sprawled up
and down the stairs, some looking desperately for a dark corner; and
the band played a Charleston and the queens and their johns and
lovers shuffled and kicked and a few queens lifted their dresses,
squealing and screaming, each trying to kick higher than the other,
the colored spots crawling up their legs and across their genitals;
and the walls and corners were empty now except for embracing
couples; and Harry went out and bought a couple of pints of gin and
he and his properly dressed fairy friends made frequent trips to the
hall and Harry, for the only time during the evening, watched the
queens, but when the Charleston was over he once more ignored the
couples on the dance floor of the grand ballroom.

All the queens were high now on gin and bennie and
the dance floor was a chaos of giggling, flitting queens, the
drooling bodies from the shadows tracking them. All during the night
queens came over to Harry and his friends and talked with them and
many asked Harry to dance or take a walk and he always refused and
when they left he would turn and start talking to Regina, a fairy he
had met many times in Marys, but, for some reason, had never taken
home or thought of; and soon he was always at Reginas side, talking,
drinking, smoking or just standing, and wherever she went Harry
followed. She was wearing a pair of tight slacks and a sportshirt and
all the whirling of skirts seemed to force Harry to her side. After
the Charleston ended Harry put his arm around her and she smiled and
kissed him. Harry smiled his smile and rubbed the back of her neck
and they went out of the hall with the others, finished what was left
of the gin, stood talking with their friends for a while then, when
the others went back to the ballroom, they left and Harry took Regina
home.

The weeks following Thanksgiving were lovely and
exciting for Harry. He saw Regina often and though, if he thought
about it, he might have wished he were with Alberta or one of the
other fairies he had made love with, he liked being with her, making
love with her and calling her on the phone and making a date to meet
in Marys. She was a little different than the others and her attitude
toward Harry was not the same as the others. She wasnt nervous with
him at all. She had no doubts as to what Harry would do. She was more
like Ginger when she danced with him at the office and almost crushed
his hand. And Harry loved going up to Marys and walking to the tables
in the rear knowing someone was waiting specifically for him. He
still hung around the office after five drinking beer with the guys
from the Greeks, but left shortly after they did and took a cab
uptown. He went out more often with Regina than he had with any of
the others and occasionally he would buy her a shirt or some little
something she asked for. And so he added a few more dollars each week
to his expense sheet.

For the other strikers the weeks following
Thanksgiving were the beginning of winter. There were days of cold
drizzling rain when the men were so cold after walking the picket
line, from the weather and dejection, that the coffee, no matter how
hot, did not warm them, nor did they feel alive enough to shiver.
They just walked the line or waited in the office, only a few of them
bothering to curse the weather and then only under their breath. And
each Saturday they lined up, after being reassured by one of the
officials, and collected their $10 bag of groceries, no longer
interested in what was said at the last meeting of the negotiating
committees, or the fact that every union in the country was sending
money each week to their local so they could continue to provide
their men with the staples of life.

Harry loved sitting in the
back of Marys with his arm around Regina, waving to his friends,
ordering drinks, inviting people to his table, even waving to Ginger
one night when she walked in and keeping her at the table until he
left with Regina. One night Harry took Regina home and early the next
morning he was slowly awakened by something tickling his face. He
opened his eyes and Regina was kneeling beside him rubbing her cock
against his mouth. He stared then sat up. Whatthefuck yadoin, unable
to look her in the eye for more than a second, looking at her cock
and the hand around it, the manicured and redpolished nails. Regina
laughed then Harry laughed too and they fell back on the bed laughing
until Regina finally rolled over and kissed him.

* * *
On xmas eve the men reported to the hall for their
bags of groceries. The hall was strung with decorations and over the
platform was a huge sign stretched from wall to wall: MERRY XMAS AND
A HAPPY NEW YEAR. Recorded xmas carols were played and the officials
wished each man, individually, a merry xmas. Each man got an
additional $5.00 worth of groceries, another 4 lb. chicken and an
xmas stocking filled with hard candy.

At the first meeting after the xmas holidays the
strike was settled. New government contracts were awarded the company
and work would have to begin by the middle of January so Harrington
was forced to settle the strike. He was certain that if they
prolonged the strike another month he would be able to rid himself of
Harry Black, but the Board of Directors informed him that the plant
must be in full operation by the middle of January and so an
agreement was reached.

Although the union officials had realized thousands
of dollars from the strike fund and there was more money coming in
every day from unions throughout the country, it was not as much as
their income from the Welfare Fund and so the agreement reached was
satisfying. And too, after so many years of leisure, the strain of
working a few hours every few days that had been necessitated by the
long strike enervated them and they were looking forward to the end
of the strike and a rest. And, of course, the deposits to the Welfare
Fund had been increased and its administration remained in their
control.

On December 29th, at 1:30 pm, the men once again
assembled in the hall and though they knew that the strike was over
they remained huddled by the doors while the President made the
announcement. Well men its all over. They gave in to us
one-hundredper-cent-right-down-the-line. The clique cheered. A few
others joined in. Its been a long hard fight but we showed them what
a strong union can do. A few more cheers. The President of local 392
told how hard he and the other members of the negotiating committee
worked; reminded them what ratbastards the company men were;
expressed his thanks and the appreciation of all the men for the fine
job done by Brother Harry Black; and told them that the real credit
goes to them, the rank and file of the union, the heart of the
organization, who walked the picket line in fair weather and foul,
who gave their time and blood that the union could win and help
secure an honorable contract. He then told them about the contract
and the additional monies to the Welfare Fund and how their jobs were
secure; avoiding telling them that they would be assessed $10 each
month for the next year—about half of their increase in pay—to
build up the now depleted strike fund. When he finished he asked for
a vote on the new contract, announced the ayes had it and so the
contract was ratified. The clique hootedandhollered. A few others
joined them. They were to start work the next day. As the men ambled
out of the hall, the officials walking among them, slapping backs and
smiling, a recording of auld lang syne was played.

When the meeting was over Harry called Regina then
hopped in a cab and went up to her apartment. When he paid the
cabdriver and started up the stairs he realized that he could no
longer afford to take cabs back and forth, that he could not spend
money the way he had while there was a strike. He would no longer be
on the union payroll and have an expense sheet. He realized he would
not have much money for himself after the rent was paid and he gave
Mary a few bucks for food. Regina opened the door and he went in. You
know you awakened me from a simply delightful sleep. I dont know why
you had to call so early. I just came from a meetin. The strikes
over. O you and that strike. Im going to shower, dress and put a face
on then we can go to Marys for a few drinks and after that you can
take me to dinner and perhaps the cinema if I should happen to be in
the mood. I—I ... a dont know if I can go ta Marys—Regina strode
briskly to the bathroom. The water splashed suddenly against the side
of the shower stall —maybe we could just hangaround here—I cant
hear a word youre saying—Harry still standing in the middle of the
room —I thought maybe we could eat here, huh?—Regina was
singing—Harry stopped talking yet remained standing in the middle
of the room. 20 minutes later Regina turned the water off, opened the
bathroom door and started arranging her hair. Yalook pretty Regina.
She continued combing her hair, humming and occasionally singing a
line or two. Be a dear and get my brush in the bedroom. Harry moved
from his spot, picked up the brush from the dresser, walked to the
bathroom door and handed the brush to Regina. She grabbed it and
started brushing. Harry stayed in the doorway watching. O Harry, for
heavens sake, dont stand there like that. Go away. Go on. Go. Shoo.
He backed away and sat on the couch, the couch he had sat on with her
many times. I know what. You can take me to Stewarts for a seafood
dinner. I adore the place and they have the most divine shrimp and
lobster. She went to the bedroom and Harry got up and followed her. I
dont have enough money for Stewarts. What do you mean you dont have
enough money. Go get some. And please dont hang over me like that.
You bug me. Harry backed away and sat on the bed. I cant get anymore.
I only got a few bucks. O dont be silly Harry. Of course you can get
some more. Go get my kerchief from the bathroom. Harry got it. He
stood behind her for a second then grabbed her and started kissing
her neck. Regina squirmed and pushed him away. Dont be such a bore.
Cant we stay here tanight. I/ll go get a couple a bottles a beer. O
what are you talking about. We dont have ta go out. We could stay
here, huh? O, Harry sometimes you are just too much. I have no
intention of staying here tonight or any night. Now will you please
leave me alone. But I dont have enough money ta go out and Id like ta
stay here and we could have a few beers and nobodyd botha us and I
aint so hungry and anyway we could get some sandwiches and—O for
gods sake will you please stop babbling like a baby. Im going out
this evening. If you have money you can meet me at Marys, if not
please do not annoy me any further. Now please leave so I can dress.
But we dont have ta—she shoved him in front of her toward the door.
Really Harry. You are getting hysterical. She opened the door and
shoved him out into the hall. The door slammed shut. Harry stood for
a long time, feeling a swelling behind his eyes—how long since he
had felt it? It almost felt new yet he knew it was not—then left
the building and rode the subway to Marys.

He stood by the door for a moment looking around then
walked to the back and sat at a table. The others at the table spoke
to him occasionally but Harry just nodded or grunted. He ordered a
drink and when the others asked if he wasnt going to buy them one he
told them he didnt have much money. They kidded him, but when they
realized he was serious they ignored him and Harry sat nursing his
drink and watching the door. Harry still had a few drops of melted
ice in his glass when Regina finally arrived. She sat and dished with
the girls for a few minutes then asked Harry if he was going to take
her to Stewarts. Harry mumbled and stuttered and Regina jerked her
head around and disdainfully told him to forget about it. She would
get someone else to escort her. Why dontya have a drink and we could
talk, caressing his glass with his finger tips and hunching over the
table. Theres a empty booth in the back. We could be alone and talk.
And just what would we discuss? High finance? sneering at Harry then
looking at the other girls who giggled. Comeon Regina. 0 really,
getting up with many shrugs of her shoulders and going to the phone
booth. When she came back she looked down at Harry, you still here?
How long are you going to sit there jerking that glass off? You know
its really a terrible habit. Harry looked up at her then lowered his
head, his hand tightening around the glass. Harry stayed at the table
glancing at Regina from time to time, but Regina and the others
ignored him completely and continued to talk among themselves until
Regina stood up, adjusted her clothing, my date just arrived. I am
sure you girls will excuse me, and walked to the bar. The fairies
laughed and Harry stared at Regina until she left with her date.
Harry looked at his empty glass for many minutes then left and rode
the subway back to Brooklyn. It had been a long time since Harry had
ridden the subway and it seemed to be exceptionally cold and stuffy
and every turn and bump seemed to be directed against his comfort and
he had to fight to keep himself on the seat and not be tossed up
against the roof or thrown on the floor or against the opposite side.
When he got out of the subway he took a cab the 2 blocks to the bar
next to the strike office then regretted it when he paid the driver,
debating whether or not to tip him, finally giving him a nickel. He
sat at the bar and brooded for an hour over the 35cents he spent for
the cab. Whatever it was that had happened happened too suddenly. He
just couldnt figure it out. But things seemed to be all loused up
again. He could have taken Regina to Stewarts. He still had a little
money. They could have had a good time. He looked in his wallet. A
couple of bucks. Fuckit. An hour later he called Regina. The phone
rang and rang and he finally hung up and went back to the bar. An
hour or so later he called again. Hello. Regina? Harry. Can I seeya
tomorra night we could go ta Stewarts if yalike or som—O really
Harry—we could go anywhere youd wanna I—O dont bother me. I am
very busy. She hung up and Harry stared at the mouthpiece. Regina?
Regina?

He let the phone drop from
his hand and left the bar and staggered home. Mary was in bed and he
stood over her. Slowly he started leaning toward the bed. The covers
were held tightly around her neck with a hand. Her hair was spread
over the pillow. Ya ballbreakin cunt. Ya hearme? Youre a ballbreakin
cunt ya no good sonofabitch— Mary stirred then rolled over on her
back and opened her eyes—Yeah, you bitch, grabbing an arm, twisting
it and yanking her up to a sitting position, ya fuckin cunt. Whats
the matta with you? ya gone crazy or somethin? trying to pull her arm
lose. Yeah, Im crazy, crazy fa lettin ya break my fuckin balls—the
baby rolled over and started whimpering then crying. Ya better let me
go or I/ll killya. Ya aint pushin me around ya drunken slob. Drunken
slob, eh? I/U showya. I/U showya, twisting harder and slapping her
face. Drunkin slob, eh? howya like that, eh? howya likeit, twisting
and shaking, slapping her face. YA FILTY BAS-TAD. I'LL KILLYA. YA
CANT SLAP ME AROUND LIKE THAT, scratching his hand. YA LOUSY CUNT, IF
IT WASNT FOR YOU ITD BE DIFFERENT. ITS ALL YA-FAULT—Mary bit his
hand and he let go of her arm shaking his hand and still yelling—the
baby banged against the side of the crib still crying. Harry went out
to the bathroom and Mary sat in bed yelling after him and cursing him
then lay down and covered her head with the pillow to drown out the
noise of the kid crying. Harry let water run on his hand then sat at
the kitchen table, rested his head on his arms and, still muttering,
soon fell asleep. After a while the baby started to fall into an
exhausted sleep, still whimpering.

* * *
The men felt strange and uneasy the first day back on
the job. They had been on strike so long they almost got lost trying
to find their machines. The first day of the strike was a warm spring
day and the men had joked, cleaned their cars, drunk beer .. . now
there was snow on the ground and it was a new year. It had been
months since they were even capable of hoping. The executives and
foremen were rushing about distributing jobs, getting them set up,
getting the proper tools and supplies to the right places; and the
men stood by their machines, waiting until they had everything
necessary to start a job, then worked without enthusiasm, stopping
occasionally as the reality of being back on the job startled them.

Harry fumbled around his machine doing little,
looking around at the men rushing from one bench to another, one
floor to another, watching Wilson, thinking of Harrington, hearing
the noise of the machinery, the piece of stock in his lathe and the
prints on his bench annoying him. The foreman set up the job for
Harry and turned the lathe on. Harry watched the thin spiraling strip
of metal unwind from the stock. He watched the fuckin stock spin and
the shavings twirl. He thought maybe he should take a look around,
make his rounds, but didnt feel like moving. When one cut had been
made on the stock he didnt reset the machine, but just stood there
until the foreman came over, reset it and left. Eventually Harry
left. He didnt turn his machine off or tell anyone he was leaving. He
just turned, took a step, then continued walking.

He sat in the bar all afternoon drinking whisky;
called Regina a few more times, but she either didnt answer or hung
up when she heard his voice. Coulda been uptown.
Ballbreakin-bastards.

He left the bar a little after 8. He leaned against
the wall as he walked, unable to stand, slipping on the icy ground.
He leaned against the window of the empty store that had been used as
the strike office. He lit a few matches trying to see inside, but he
still couldnt see anything. There was nothing to see anyway. He had
already taken the radio home. It was once again an empty store with a
for rent sign on the door.

He walked to the corner, slipping several times,
finally having to crawl to the lamppost to help himself stand. He
clutched the post for a few minutes catching his breath. A kid, about
10 years old, from his block walked over to him and laughed. Youre
drunk Mr. Black. Harry touched him on the head, then stuck his hand
down under the large collar of the kids jacket and rubbed the back of
his neck. It was very warm. Even slightly moist. The kid laughed
again. Hey, your hands cold. Quit it. Harry smiled his smile and
pulled him closer. Where yagoin Joey? Up the corner to see the
fellas. Harrys hand was warm now and Joey stopped squirming. Howya
like a soda. You buyin? Yeah, o k. They started slowly up 57th
street, Harrys hand still on the back of Joeys neck. When they had
walked a few feet Harry stopped. They stood still a second then Harry
started walking into the empty lot. Hey, where yagoin. Over there.
Comeon, I wanna show yasomethin. What yawant ta show me? Comeon. They
crossed the lot and went behind the large advertising sign. Whats
here? Harry leaned against the billboard for a moment then lowered
himself to his knees. Joey watched him, his hands in his jacket
pockets. Harry reached up and opened Joeys fly and pulled out his
cock. Hey, whatta yadoin, trying to back away. Harry clutched Joey by
the legs and put Joeys small warm cock in his mouth, his head being
tossed from side to side by Joeys attempts to free himself, but he
clung to Joeys legs, keeping his cock in his mouth and muttering
please . . . please. Joey pounded him on the head and tried to kick
him with his knee. LETME GO! LETME GO YA FUCKIN FREAK! Harry felt the
fists on his head, the cold ground under his knees; felt the legs
squirming and his hands starting to cramp from holding them so tight;
and he felt the warm prick in his mouth and the spittle dribbling
down his chin; and Joey continued to scream, squirm and pound his
head until he finally broke loose and ran from the lot, still
screaming, to the Greeks. When Joey broke loose Harry fell on his
face, his eyes swelling and tears starting to ooze out and roll down
his cheeks. He tried to stand but kept falling to his knees then flat
on his face, still muttering please. A minute later Joey, Vinnie and
Sal and the rest of the guys from the Greeks came running down 2nd
avenue to the lot. Harry was almost standing, holding on to the
billboard, when they reached him. THERE HE IS. THERE HEIS. THE
SONOFABITCH TRIED TA SUCK ME OFF. Harry let go of the billboard and
started to extend his arms when Vinnie hit him on the cheek. Ya
fuckin freak. Someone else hit him on the back of the neck and Harry
fell to the ground and they kicked and stomped him, Joey squeezing in
between to kick him too, and Harry barely moved, barely made a sound
beyond a whimpering. A couple of the guys picked him up and stretched
his arms across and around one of the crossbars of the sign and hung
on his arms with all their weight and strength until Harrys arms were
straining at the shoulder sockets, threatening to snap, and they took
turns punching his stomach and chest and face until both eyes were
drowned with blood, then a few of the guys joined the two pulling on
his arms and they all tugged until they heard a snap and then they
twisted his arms behind him almost tying them in a knot and when they
let go he continued to hang from the bar then slowly started to slide
down and to one side until one arm jerked around the bar and flopped
back and forth like a snapped twig held only by a thin piece of bark
and his shoulder jerked up until it was almost on a level with the
top of his head and the guys watched Harry Black as he slowly
descended from the billboard, his arms flapping back and forth until
his jacket got caught on a splinter and the other arm spun around and
he hung, impaled, and they hit and kicked him until the splinter
snapped and Harry descended to the ground.

Harry lay still, sobbing. He cried then screamed a
long loud AAAAAA-AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA that was muffled as
his face fell back into the dirt of the lot.

He tried to raise his head
but could not. He could only turn it slightly so he rested on a
cheek. He was able to open his eyes slightly, but was blinded by the
blood. He yelled again. He heard the sound loud inside his head, GOD
O GOD he yelled but no sound came from his mouth. He heard his voice
loud in his head but only a slight gurgle came from his lips. GOD 
                   
GOD YOU SUCK COCK

* * *
The moon neither noticed nor ignored Harry as he lay
at the foot of the billboard, but continued on its unalterable
journey. The guys washed up in the Greeks, drying their hands with
toilet paper and tossing the wet wads at each other, laughing. It was
the first real kick since blowing up the trucks. The first good
rumble since they dumped that doggy. They sprawled at the counter and
at the tables and ordered coffeand.   

Coda

Landsend

How much less in them that dwell in
houses of clay, whose foundation is in
the dust, which are crushed before the
moth? They are
destroyed from morning to evening:
they perish for ever without any
regarding it. Doth not their
excellency which is in them go away?
they die, even without wisdom.
Job 4: 19-21
MIKE KELLY told his wife ta go tahell and rolled
over, covering his head with the blanket. Comeon, gutup. We need milk
and bread. He said nothing. Comeon Mike, I/ll be late for work. Still
silent. Aw please get up Mike, sitting on the edge of the bed and
gently pushing his shoulder. Wont yago to the store while I get
dressed. Comeon. Mike turned over, knocking her hand from his
shoulder, and leaned on his elbow. Look, go tawork and dont bother
me, willya? turning back and falling on the bed, pulling the covers
back over his head. Irene jerked up and noisily walked to the chair,
yanked her clothing off it and started dressing. Youre a bastard
Mike. Yahear me? a bastard, slamming down into the chair and putting
her socks on. Get lost bitch before I break yahead. Irene continued
to mumble as she dressed then stomped off to the bathroom and banged
the door shut. Ya better stop the shit Irene or I/U rapya. She faced
the closed door and stuck her tongue out then turned both water
faucets on quickly, the water splashing out of the basin. She jammed
the stopper into the hole, still cursing Mike (the bastard), wrenched
the faucets closed and threw the face cloth into the sink. She
scrubbed her face, still muttering and Helen, her 3 year old
daughter, knocked on the door. Irene jerked the door open. What do
you want? Helen put her thumb in her mouth and stared at her mother.
Well? Have to go peepee Mommy. Well, go ahead. Helen went to the
bathroom and Irene rinsed then dried her face. Im going to be late. I
just know it. She attacked her hair with a brush and Arthur, almost
18 months old, started crying. O godDAMNit. She threw the hair brush
into the tub (Helens thumb was still in her mouth and she waited
until Irene left the bathroom before sliding off the seat, flushing
the toilet and running into the living room) and raged into the
bedroom. The least yacan do is take care of the baby. Mike jerked up
and shouted for her to get thehellout and leave him alone. Youre his
mother, you take care of him. Irene stamped her foot and her face
flushed. If youd go out and get a job I could take care of him. He
pulled the covers back over his head. Dont bother me. You bastard
you. You—she yanked a jacket off a hanger, Arthur still wailing for
a bottle, Helen sitting in the corner of the living room waiting for
the argument to stop. Irene thrust her arms into the sleeves of the
jacket. Give me some money for breakfast. He threw the covers off and
reached over to his pants and took a dollar out of his wallet. Here.
Now get thehell outtahere and stop breakin my balls. She snatched the
dollar from his hand and stomped out of the apartment, hoping Arthur
would cry louder and make Mike get up, the bastard. Every morning the
same thing. Never gives me a hand. Wont even fix the baby a bottle. I
come home from work and I have to fix supper and I have to wash the
dishes and I have to wash the clothes and 1 have to take care of the
kids!!! O, the dirty bastard!!!— rushing along the street to the
store. She went in, ignoring the clerks good morning Irene, and
picked up a dozen eggs then put them back and took a half dozen as
she needed cigarettes, a quart of milk and 2 rolls. She took the
cigarettes out of the bag and put them in her pocket so she wouldnt
forget them and leave them for Mike (the bastard). When she got back
to the apartment she kicked open the door then slamned it shut.
Arthur was still crying, Helen standing alongside the crib talking to
him, and Mike yelled out ta shut the kid up. Why dontya take care of
the kid before yago to the store, truly and honestly indignant at the
manner in which she neglected the children. If youre so concerned why
dontya get up and take care of him, bastard? He sat up in bed and
turned toward the open door. Youd better watch your mouth or I/ll
shove a fist init, falling back on the bed and covering his head with
the blanket. Irene shook but all she could do was stamp a foot, still
holding the bag of groceries, and OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO . . . Then she
noticed the time and put the bag on the table, put on a pot of water,
ran to the kids room and grabbed Arthurs bottle, filled it with milk,
heated it enough to take the chill off; poured some corn flakes and
milk in a bowl while the bottle was heating, rushed back to the crib
with the bottle, Arthur taking it and stopping his crying (Mike
moaning a thank krist); then Irene called Helen to eat her corn
flakes and made herself a cup of instant coffee, buttered a roll,
dunked it, ate it and rushed to the bedroom. Give me some money. O
for krists sake, you still here? Hurry Mike. I/ll be late. He threw
her half a dollar. Hey, how about the change from the dollar? There
isnt any (at least she got an extra dime and a pack of cigarettes ).
Irene gulped the last of her coffee and rushed out. She ran to the
bus stop hoping she wouldnt have to wait too long and still cursing
Mike, the bastard. If he doesnt clean the house today I/ll quit the
job. Thats what I/ll do. Let him get a job. She saw a bus coming and
ran faster, just getting to the bus stop in time. The bastard.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Ada opened the window. The air was still and warm.
She smiled and looked at the trees; the old ones, tall, big and
strong; the young ones small, springy, hopeful; sunshine lighting the
new leaves and buds. Even the budding leaves on the hedges and the
young thin grass and dandelion sprouts were alive with sunshine. O,
it is so lovely. And Ada praised god, the being and creator of the
universe who brought forth the spring with the warmth of his sun.

She leaned out the window, her favorite window. From
it the factory and the empty lots and junkyards were not visible; she
could see only the landscaping and the playground. And everything was
coming to life and it was warm with sunshine. There were dozens of
shades of green and now that spring was really here it would get
greener and life would multiply on the earth and the birds would be
more plentiful and their song would wake her in the mornings. All
would be beautiful. She watched the birds hopping on the ground,
flying to the tree limbs still thin but soon to be thick and heavy
with green leaves. Yes, the first warm day of the year. She breathed
deeply. Yes, it is warm. The first warm day of the year. There were a
few other days when the sun had shone and the air had been warm, but
there was always the last of the winter winds to chill it or rain to
wet it. But not so today. The long winter was over. The long cold
bitter winter when all you could do was walk to the store and back to
the apartment . . . back to the apartment to sit and stare out the
window and wait . . . wait for a day such as this. There were a few
days—yes a few, not many— when she had been able to sit on the
bench, but even though the winds were still and the sun bright she
could only sit downstairs for a few minutes and then, though she had
bundled herself well in sweaters, gloves, scarf, and coat and sat
where the sun was shining brightest, a chill would seep through her
clothing and she would have to go upstairs. And even with the sun
bright you couldnt really feel it, not really feel it as you should,
as the sun is supposed to light your body and warm it through right
to your heart. No, you could feel it only a little on your face. And,
there was never anyone to talk to in the winter. No one came and sat.
Not even for a few minutes. And too, the winters are so long. And
lonely. All alone in her 3 rooms filled with furniture, the relics
saved from the old days, sitting by the window watching the bare tree
limbs shiver in the wind; the birds searching the frozen, bare
ground; people walking with their backs turned to the wind and the
whole world with their backs to her. In the winter everyones hate was
bare if you looked. She saw hate in the icicles that hung from her
window; she saw it in the dirty slush on the streets; she heard it in
the hail that scratched her window and bit her face; she could see it
in the lowered heads hurrying to warm homes . . . yes their heads
were lowered away from Ada and Ada beat her breast and pulled her
hair yelling to the Lord God Jehovah to have pity and be merciful and
she scratched her face until her fingernails filled with flesh and
blood dribbled down her cheeks, beating her head against her window
until her head was bruised and small droplets of thin blood smeared
with the moisture on her wailing wall, her arms still raised in
supplication to Jehovah asking why she was being punished, begging
mercy, asking why the people turned against her, beating her breast
and begging mercy from her God who delivered the Tablets unto Moses
and guided his children across the burning desert; the wrathful God
who parted the Red Sea for the chosen people and drowned the pursuing
armies in its turbulent waters; pleading with the revengeful God who
delivered a pestilence unto the Pharaoh and the children of Israel
when they turned their backs to him . . . O God have mercy . . . and
Ada stood in front of her wailing wall looking at heaven through the
frost covered glass smeared with her blood, praying to the Father as
did the trees with their bared limbs raised to heaven; and she beat
her breast and pulled her hair and tore the flesh from her cheeks and
banged her head, and she would fall against her window weeping,
sobbing, slowly sinking, sinking to her knees muttering . . . and Ada
would lie on the floor sobbing, crying, bleeding . . . then, after a
time, sleep. When she awoke she fasted for 24 hours, sitting among
her relics, reciting ancient prayers aloud, rocking back and forth in
her chair as she prayed. At the end of the 24 hours she fixed a cup
of broth and stood in front of her window looking at the leafless
trees and frozen earth, ignoring the concrete, the cars that passed,
hearing only the voice of God and thinking only of the warm days to
come. For 2 more days, 3 days in all, her face remained unwashed and
she stayed within her apartment, drinking only 1 cup of broth each
day, praying, looking out the window, walking through her rooms, back
and forth, conscious of the stiffness of the dried wounds on her
face, looking in the mirror at the scabs and gently touching them
with the tips of her fingers. Then at the end of the third day she
would wash her face and eat a meal and go to the store and buy the
few things she needed, smiling at the people, asking the clerk how he
was and telling him to keep well and take care.

But winter was over and now she could sit on a bench
and feel the sun, watch the birds, the children playing, and perhaps
someone would sit and talk with her.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Vinnie and Mary would still be unmarried if they
hadnt met. But they finally did, when he was 40 and she was 35, and
were married and both families were joyous. As soon as they were
alone the first night Vinnie dragged Mary to bed and pounced on her,
shaking the bed, the chest of drawers, the picture of the Blessed
Mother over the bed, until her stomach was so sore she couldnt move,
but could only lie on her back groaning and SCBEAMING AT HIM TO STOP.
But Vinnie continued to bangaway, slobbering at the mouth and YELLING
THAT SHE WAS HIS WIFE AND THEY CONTINUED TO BOUNCE ON THE BED (the
Blessed Mother shaking) BANGING, BANGING, BANGING AND YELLING. 5
years later they had two kids and were still yelling. The kids had
been sitting up in the crib yelling for half an hour before Vinnie
and Mary got up. Mary rolled to the side of the bed and YELLED TO THE
KIDS TO SHATUUUUUP! WHATS THEMATTA? VINNIE SLAPPED HER BACK AND TOLD
HER TA FIX A BOTTLE AND STOP YELLIN, then sat on the side of the bed
scratching his head. They both got up and stood facing each other,
scratching, THE KIDS STILL YELLING. GO ON. FIX THE BOTTLE. IYAM.
IYAM. WHATS THE MATTA YOU GOTTA YELL? WHATTAYAMEAN YELL? FIX THE
BOTTLE. AW SHATUP. Mary stepped into her slippers and slopped out to
the kitchen and fixed the bottle, standing over the stove waiting for
it to heat, scratching her belly and armpits. She went back to the
bedroom to get dressed after giving the baby the bottle, but when she
took her nightgown off Vinnie came over and slapped her tits back and
forth. DEY HANG TA YAKNEES. She pushed him away. GOWAY STUPID. He
reached down and pulled her pubic hair, WHATTA BUSH. She shoved him
away, YA CRAZY. YA NO GOOD, and grabbed her clothes and went to the
bathroom to dress, closing and locking the door. Vinnie dressed and
went to see the kids. He looked down at them and smiled and pinched
their cheeks. YA DRINK THE BOTTLE, EH? THATS GOOD. They blinked, the
baby continuing to suck on the nipple of his bottle. THATS A GOOD
KIDS, pinching them again before leaving the room. HEY, HURRYUP, EH?
I GOTTA GO THE BATHROOM. WHATTZAMATTA, YAIN A HURRY? SHADUP AND
HURRY, YEAH? Vinnie paced up and down, going out to the kitchen, back
to the kids room, then pounded on the bathroom door. COMEON, COMEON.
HURRYUP, YEAH? WHATS YAHURRY? WAIT, slowly putting her clothes on
then slowly filling the sink with water. Vinnie banged with both
fists on the door. FA KRISTS SAKE OPEN THE DOOR. I GOTTA PISS. GAWAY.
WHY DONTYA DRESS IN THE BEDROOM? CAUSE YA BODDA ME. GOWAY, YEAH?
Vinnie punched and kicked the door. YA DIRTY BITCH. He turned from
the door and started pacing again, holding his crotch, walking faster
and faster, jumping up and down. I CANT WAIT. OPEN THE DOOR. GO WAY.
He punched the door again. I/LL KILLYA WHEN YA COME OUT, turning once
more from the door and going to the bedroom. He opened the window and
urinated, the stream hitting the open window of the bedroom below,
splashing off the open window and onto the baby in the crib. Mrs.
Jones stared for a moment, then called her husband and told him about
the water coming from upstairs and splashing on the baby. I/ll go see
about it. It must be those crazy ones upstairs. Nobody elsed do that.
He marched out of the apartment and up the stairs. Mary finally
opened the door and walked slowly from the bathroom. IM FINISHED. GO
ON. I TOUGHT YA WAS IN A HURRY. GO AHEAD, PISS. Vinnie slapped her on
the head. WHATZAMATTA, YA CRAZY BITCH. YA STUPID A SOMETHIN? EH? She
slapped him back. WHO YA TINK YA HITTIN YA MOUNTIN WOP. He swung and
missed and SCREAMED AT HER and Mr. Jones pounded on the door and Mary
YELLED TO VINNIE TA SHADUUUUUUP and she opened the door and Mr. Jones
wanted to know what was the idea of pouring water out the window, it
went all over his baby, and Mary shrugged her shoulders and said
WHAAAA? WHA WATTA? WHA YA TALKIN ABOUT? and Mr. Jones said you know
what Im talking about, and the baby finished his bottle and threw it
out of the crib and both kids started yellin again and MARY YELLED TO
VINNIE TA SHAD THE KIDS UP AND VINNIE YELLED HE WAS GETTIN DRESSED,
and Mary turned back to Mr. Jones when he tapped her on the shoulder
and said, well? and she said WHAAA? AND YELLED AT THE KIDS TA
SHADUUUUUP and Vinnie went to the kids room, WHATZAMATTA? WHY YA CRY,
EH? and picked the kids up and Mary told Mr. Jones SHE DIDNT KNOW
NOTHIN ABOUT NO WATTA OUT THE WINDOW and he threw his arms up in the
air and Mary turned and told the kids JUST A MINUTE, YEAH? and Mr.
Jones said dont let it happen again or hed get the cops and Mary
shrugged and let the door close and the kids still YELLED AND VINNIE
TOLD THEM TO BE QUIET. MARY, TAKE CAREA THE KIDS, YEAH? and she
changed them and Vinnie went to the bathroom to wash and YELLED OUT
TO MARY TA FIX BREAKFAST AND SHE SAID TA HOLD HIS WATTA and she
finished with the kids and they ran back to their room to get some
toys and Vinnie splashed water on his face and Mary SLAMMED THE
COFFEE POT ON THE STOVE AND VINNIE CAME OUT AND POURED HIMSELF A
GLASS OF JUICE AND SHE SAID HOW ABOUT ME? AND HE TOLD HER TA POUR HER
OWN JUICE AND SHE SAID TA FIX HIS OWN BREAKFAST AND HE SLAPPED HER
HEAD AND SHE KICKED HIS LEG AND HE KICKED HER BACK AND TOLD HER TA
FIX BREAKFAST AND GET THE KIDS READY SO THEY COULD GET SOME FRESH AIR
AND SHE SAID PISS ONYA AND BANGED A FRYING PAN ON THE STOVE AND FRIED
TWO EGGS FOR HERSELF AND WHEN SHE FINISHED HE FRIED HIS AND TOLD HER
SHE BETTA FEED THE KIDS OR HED THROWER OUT THE WINDDA AND SHE SAID
DONT WORRY ABOUT IT, YEAH? AND HE DUMPED HIS EGGS ONTO A PLATE AND
BANGED THE PLATE ON THE TABLE AND BOTH KIDS WANTED THE SAME TOY AND
THEY TUGGED AT IT AND THEY SCREAMED AT EACH OTHER AND CRIED AND MARY
SAID SHADUUUUP AND VINNIE TOLD HER TASEE WHAT WAS WRONG AND SLURRPED
AN EGG INTO HIS MOUTH AND MARY WENT INTO THEIR ROOM AND TOOK THE TOY
AWAY FROM THEM AND TOLD THEM TA GO OUTSIDE AND SHE FIXED THEM
BREAKFAST AND VINNIE SAT IN THE LIVING ROOM YELLING OUT TO MARY AND
MARY YELLED BACK AND EVERY NOW AND THEN THE KIDS WOULD YELL AND THE
BOTH OF THEM WOULD YELL AT THE KIDS AND THE KIDS WOULD YELL LOUDER
AND VINNIE AND MARY WOULD SCREAM AND FINALLY BREAKFAST WAS FINISHED
AND EVERYONE CONTINUED TO YELL AS THE KIDS RAN TO THEIR ROOM AND MARY
STARTED WASHING THE DISHES AND THE NEIGHBORS TURNED UP THEIR RADIOS.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
PROJECT
NEWSLETTER AIRMAIL
Throwing garbage out of windows is referred
to as AIRMAIL. We do not want any AIRMAIL from this Project. There
have been many complaints lately of garbage on the street, in the
halls, and even a few cases of people being hit with garbage being
thrown from windows. AIRMAIL is a violation of the

Health Code and a violation of the Housing
Authority Regulations. Any tenant found guilty of throwing garbage
from there windows will be immediately evicted. We want this Project
to be a safe and clean place to live. It is up to you to keep it this
way.
*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Lucy got out of bed slowly and went to the childrens
room, changed and dressed Robert, her youngest son, took him out of
the crib, then dressed Johnny. She told them to play quietly (she
certainly wasnt going to allow her children to run around like
indians ), Daddys sleeping, and went to the kitchen to fix breakfast.
She filled 3 glasses with juice and softly called the children. They
came running out and she hushed them and told them to be quiet, nice
little boys dont run around the house making a lot of noise. They
drank their juice and went back to their room to play. A few minutes
later they were yelling BANG, BANG and Lucy ran to their room and
told them to hush. But we/re playing guns Mommy. Johnny, how many
times have I told you that nice young boys dont play guns in the
house. I dont know Mommy. Lucy looked at him for a second. Well,
never mind, just be quiet. OK. Then see that you do, and Lucy went
back to the kitchen, listening for noise from the childrens room,
relieved that the children were quiet and not acting like a bunch of
roughnecks. She was just about to call them when someone knocked on
the door. She adjusted her bathrobe, smoothed down her hair then
opened the door. The nice young white girl from downstairs smiled at
her. I think there may be something wrong in your bathroom Lucy.
Water is leaking down through my ceiling. Lucy OOOOO/d and rushed to
the bathroom. She opened the door and the children spun around,
Johnny frantically trying to turn off the faucets. She glared at
them, the water on the floor—Robert starting to whine and Johnny
still turning the faucets and saying Im sorry—the water still
pouring over the sides of the basin. She reached over and slapped
Johnnys hands off the faucets and turned off the water. Johnny
started to cry and she opened her mouth to scold him when she
remembered the girl was still at the door. She rushed back to the
door and told her she was terribly sorry, the kids were playing and
she hoped no damage had been done. Im really awfully sorry about this
Jean. No, its alright. No harm done. They smiled at each other and
the girl left. Lucy almost slamned the door, but caught it in time
and closed it quietly not wanting the girl to think she was angry
with her. She leaned against the door mortified. Of all the people in
the Project it had to be that nice white girl. Such a nice quiet
family and now she probably thinks we/re just like the rest. She
rushed back to the bathroom. Johnny was still standing by the sink
staring at the doorway, but Robert had left and gone to their room
leaving wet foot prints. Lucy grabbed Johnny by the arm and dragged
him from the bathroom. O youre going to get it. Dont you know better
than to do a thing like that, DONT YOU? slapping him on the backside,
still dragging him to his room. Johnny crying and yelling Im sorry
Mommy. Youre sorry. YOURE SORRY, slapping him again and pushing him
onto his bed. Johnny continued crying and pleading—Robert standing
in the corner afraid he too would be spanked—and Lucy yelling at
Johnny that he would be punished for this . . . then she realized she
was yelling and perhaps the people downstairs could hear her, or
others may have heard her ... she listened for a moment and then
quickly closed the door, telling Johnny to be quiet. Her teeth were
clenched and she snarled at him. If youve wakened your daddy youll be
sorry, shaking with anger and frustration, exasperated by what had
happened and with the fear that someone had heard her yelling. She
listened to hear if Louis had awakened, but no sound came from the
bedroom. She turned back to Johnny, who was trying to stop crying (we
didnt make any noise in the bathroom), but tears still rolled down
his cheeks and his breath was caught with sobs. Robert started
whimpering and Lucy told him to hush, her voice quieter and more
controlled. Johnny could see that the worst was over, so he started
to control his sobbing, still looking pleadingly at his mother.
I-I-Im su-su-sorry Mom-Mommy. Just be quiet and calm down and-THE
OATMEAL! She rushed to the kitchen and snatched the pot off the
stove. O thank goodness its not ruined. She put the oatmeal on the
childrens plates and called them. They sat quietly at the table and
started eating. Lucy went back to her now cold cup of coffee. She
poured another cup and sat at the table with the children. She could
hear Vinnie and Mary screaming at each other. Lucy shook her head and
cursed the Project. She finished her coffee then remembered the water
on the bathroom floor and grabbed the mop from the closet and rushed
to the bathroom and mopped the floor, just waiting for Johnny to make
a sound and she would give it to him good. She wrung out the mop, put
it away and sat back at the table. Johnny had finished his cereal and
sat quietly looking at his Mother as she fed Robert then cleared the
table. She told the children to go to their room and play quietly
then went to the bedroom and dressed. After dressing she got the
clothes ready for the laundromat. She washed, then brushed her hair,
put the laundry in the laundry cart and hustled the children from the
apartment. She hurried to the elevator, opened the door and was about
to step in when she noticed a pile ( actually noticing the smell
first) of human shit on the elevator floor. Again! She stopped and
grabbed Robert as he was about to step in it, then quickly turned
away before someone saw her there. Picking up Robert she started down
the stairs ( O God, now I/ll have to walk up two flights of stairs
with the cart). Lucy flushed with embarrassment, wanting to get as
far away from the elevator as possible before someone else opened the
door, Johnny yelling at his Mother to wait for him. Lucy waited for
Johnny at the door (already convincing herself that a spick had done
it) then rushed from the building, Johnny running to keep up.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Abraham got up late. He stayed in bed as long as he
could, but the noise the 5 kids made was too much for him. Even the
closed door didnt help so he got up. He sat on the side of the bed
and carefully took the hairnet off his konked and marcelled hair, lit
a cigarette and started thinking about the fine, I mean real fine
brownskinned gal that was in MELS last night. Her skin was light and
real smooth and her hair was long and wavy. Not all tight and stiff,
but smooth man, and long. Yeah . . . And she had on this real tight
dress and when she walked her big ol ass just quivered and shook like
crazy and when she danced the slop you could see the muscles of that
fine ass just rollin all ovuh. Yeah . . . that was some fine stuff.
Man, he shuh would like to bag that bitch and really lay it oner.
Sheeeit ... Id fuck the ass right offen that bitch man, I mean right
off. Man, when I finish screwin that ol broad she/d know she/d been
laid and she/d damn sure know who tu call daddyo. Ghud-damn . . .
I/ll put on some fine rags tunight and make all those cats look like
bums man. I mean this stud is gonna be the sharpest motherfucka that
chick ever seed. Sheeit. This is ol Abe. Ol honest Abe Washington,
hehhehheh . . . and aint nobody, man I mean nobody caint put no shit
ovuh on me. This cats hip man, and when I lay it on that chick I mean
shes gonna knowit . . . Yeah . . . He stood up and stretched, put out
his cigarette and dressed. He opened the bedroom door and yelled to
the kids tu shut up as he walked to the bathroom. They quieted for a
moment then continued running, yelling and shooting. Abe worked the
soap up to a lather then worked the lather thoroughly into his face,
rinsing first with warm water then cold. He patted his face dry with
the towel then inspected his face in the mirror, going over every
square centimeter very carefully, pushing his nose first to one side
then the other, stretching the skin of his neck. After 5 minutes he
was happy to find only one pimple. This he carefully squeezed then
wet the corner of the towel with cold water and patted the infected
area. He brushed his teeth which were naturally white, but he had to
be certain he got off the yellow smoking stains. Then he gargled.
Next he rubbed skin cream into his face—leaning out of the door to
yell at the Ghuddamn kids tu shut up-then inspected his face once
more. He was satisfied. He rubbed some hair grease between the palms
of his hands then patted it on his hair. Then he picked up the comb
and gently, tentatively at first, combed his hair, laying down the
comb from time to time and using the soft brush, pushing each wave in
place, touching here and there, working up this wave a litde more
than the other, being careful a hair wasnt sticking up or out of
place—why dont chuall shutup— stepping back from the mirror to
admire the way his hair sparkled, adjusting a wave a little more,
then picking up the small hand mirror and turning his back to the
large mirror over the sink and holding the small mirror in front of
him he inspected the back of his head, pushing a litde here and
there, then, smiling and thinking of her fine ass, wiped his hands
off on the towel and went out to the kitchen. He told his wife to fix
him some eggs and sat down and cleaned his nails, scrapping the funk
off on the edge of the table. He filed away at his nails and asked
his wife why she didnt get the kids dressed and send them out. They
make too ghuddamn much noise runnin all ovuh. She told him she was
too busy to fret about the kids. The kids had stopped for a moment
again, but started running and shooting and one stepped on Abes foot
and he yelled and swung his arm. The kid darted away, but knocked
into his mother as she was taking the eggs from the refrigerator. She
put the eggs down and yelled that she was gonna get a strap toem and
then maybe theyd stop runnin around like crazy mens. The kid started
whimpering that he was sorry and she took the strap from around her
waist and waved it at him and he cringed and backed away until his
mother relented, then he sat quietly and his sister, the oldest,
scolded him for being naughty and he wanted to kick her like he
usually did, but was afraid. Hed wait until they got outside. Abe
wanted to know what was holdin up his eggs, he had some things to do
today. She brought the eggs and he ate, Nancy telling him about how
the doctor at the clinic say the kids got the maltrition and they
giver some codliveroil, but he say they should have some vitamins and
Abe dipped his bread in the yoke and caught the yoke with his tongue
as it dribbled from the bread and tolder not tu wurry him about no
vitamins and she say she need some money forem and he tolder he giver
20 dollars every week and she can get the vitamins with that. But ah
caint. He shrugged and tolder to givem more collard greens and he
slopped up the stringy uncooked white of the egg with his bread and
tolder to givem his coffee and she poured it and said Ghuddamnit, I
need some more money and he said sheeit, he worked his ass off on the
docks fur his money and he be Ghudamned if hed let her throw it away,
and the kids still sat in silence waiting for the father to go so
they could be dressed and get out where it was safe, and Nancy cursed
Abes black ass and he tolder tu shut up those blubber lips and he
counted out 20 dollars and threw it on the table and said she was
lucky to have all that, that he had a whole mess a bills tu pay and
all she had tu do was buy food and Ghudamnit if yu caint buy enough
with that and the Ghuddamn vitamins then shame onyu. She snatched the
money off the table and yelled at the kids to get dressed and get the
hell out and the two older boys scampered to their room, the daughter
saying, yes Mommy and walking; and Abe gulped down his coffee and
left the kitchen. He put on a jacket, inspected his face and hair
once more, adjusting the frontmost wave, then left the house.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

THE CHASE
A group of kids, about 5 and 6 years old, stood on
the steps of the entrance to one of the buildings. Another group
stood huddled about a hundred feet away. The 2 groups eyed each
other, spitting, cursing, staring. Some of the kids on the steps
wanted to get the mothafuckas now and killem, the others wanted to
wait for Jimmy. Jimmy was the biggest guy they had. When he come
we/ll get the bastards. He run fasteran any ofem. Sheeit man, we/ll
catchem all and killem. Yeah man, we/ll burn the mothafuckas alive.
They paced on the steps impatiently, spitting and glaring at the
other group. Then they heard someone running down the stairs and
Jimmy came out. Jimmy yelled to them and took out a gun and said,
comeon, lets kill those fuckinbastards. They all screeched wildly and
followed Jimmy as he ran at the other gang. They screeched too and
started running. The game of cowboys and indians had started. They
ran along the streets shooting, yelling, bang, bang, yur dead
motherfucka. I gotya. Yo aiss yo did. I gotya. Bang. Bang. In, out
and between the people walking, standing, sitting on the benches;
running around the trees, bang, bang, looking behind and shooting at
the pursuer; knocking into someone and spinning them around—Why
dontya look where ya goin ya stupid bastard—or if they were small
they simply knocked them down the pursuer jumping over the fallen kid
who was now crying and yelling for his mommy. Bang, bang, through the
hedges and spinning around the young trees; knocking over the shrubs,
bang, bang. Jimmy got one cornered by the steps. He stood just in
front of Jimmy on the other side of a baby carriage. The kid feinted
to one side then the other. Finally Jimmy committed himself to one
side and the kid whirled around the opposite side pulling over the
carriage, the baby falling out and rolling along the ground, stopping
as it hit the hedge. The 2 kids looked at it for a moment, listening
to it scream, then a head popped out a window and wanted to know what
the fuck they was doin, and the kids hauledass and Jimmy ran through
the hedge after the other kid, bang, bang, and they ran around the
building out of sight. The game of cowboys and indians continued.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Ada hummed as she washed the dishes. She scoured the
sink then made her bed, first opening the windows so the bed clothes
should air out, then carefully tucking in the sheets and blanket,
fluffing up the pillows (Hymie always liked his pillow thick and
fluffy), then hanging up her nightgown and the pajamas she laid out
on Hymies side of the bed each night. (Hymie had always liked a clean
pair of pajamas every night and though he had been dead these 5
years, 6 in October, October the 23rd, she still laid out a pair of
pajamas every night, though now she used the same pair each night,
washing them once a month, ironing them and putting them back on the
bed. ) Then she tidied up the apartment, sweeping the kitchen floor
and adjusting the furniture, before wiping the dishes and putting
them away with the other dairy dishes. The humming evolved into light
singing as she put on her sweater and coat and readied herself to go
downstairs. She looked around the apartment, making certain the stove
was off and all the lights out, before closing the door and going
out. Near the entrance to the building was a small area bordered with
benches and a few young trees. Here Ada sat whenever the weather
permitted. She sat on a bench on the near side as she knew it would
be in the sun longer than any of the others. This was her bench and
here she sat and watched the children, the people passing or sitting,
and enjoying the warmth of the sunshine. She closed her eyes and
faced the sun, lifting her face, and sat thus for many minutes
feeling the heat on her forehead, her eyelids, her cheeks, feeling
the suns rays penetrating her chest, warming her heart, making her
feel almost happy. She breathed deeply, sighing inaudibly, and
lowered her head and opened her eyes, then raised her feet slightly
and wiggled her toes in her shoes. Her poor feet had such a burden to
carry and they suffered so in the winter, but now even they were
alive and relieved. It would be many, many wonderfully warm and sunny
months before her feet would have to be tortured with thick heavy
socks and forced to feel the cold. Soon she could go one day to Coney
Island and sit on the Boardwalk and watch the swimmers or maybe she
could even walk in the surf, but she wasnt sure if she should. She
might slip, or someone might knock her over. Anyway, the beach was
nice even just sitting on a bench getting the sun. She watched a
small child ride by on his tricycle then watched a group of children
running after each other and yelling. Occasionally she would be able
to distinguish the words they were yelling and she blushed and
immediately pushed it from her mind (this too would be remembered
next winter) then turned abruptly as she heard a baby crying, seeing
the overturned carriage, hearing the voice from a window, seeing a
blur as 2 children ran away; trying to locate the baby, getting up
from the bench when she finally saw it lying on the ground, but
sitting down when she saw a woman coming out of the building. Those
children really should be more careful. She watched the mother pick
up the child and drop him in the carriage and shove a bottle in his
mouth and go upstairs. I hope it wasnt hurt. The baby eventually
stopped crying and Ada turned away and once more watched the child
circling the benches on its tricycle. She saw a woman passing with
her children and shopping cart. The woman smiled, nodded and said
Hello. Ada returned her greeting but didnt smile. She was a nice lady
but her husband was a no good. He always looked at Ada funny like he
was going to hurt her. Not like her Hymie. Her Hymie was always
friendly. Such a good man. They would have been married 43 years this
summer, July 29th, if he was still alive. Hymie used to help her all
the time. And he too loved the beach. But so seldom they could go.
Only on Mondays when they closed the store and then sometimes it
wouldnt be so nice. But many times they would go and she would make
sandwiches and a thermos of a cold drink and Hymie always got for her
a beach chair and umbrella. He always insisted. I want you should be
comfortable and enjoy yourself. Thats what he said. She would always
say no, dont bother. Who needs it? and they would laugh. But always
Hymie insisted she should have the umbrella in case she might want to
sit in the shade, but she never did and they would sit on the beach
chairs getting the sun and once, maybe twice, during the day they
would go down to the surf and splash around. He was so good her
Hymie. And sometimes when her Ira got older he would tell them to go
to the beach, he would mind the store and they would go an extra day
to the beach. Her Ira was the best boy any Mother could have.
(Everynight before going to bed she kissed their pictures.) Still
only a boy already when they killed him. Just a boy. Not even
married. Not even married when the Army took him. And he was such a
good boy. When he was still just a little one he would come home from
school and tell her to take a nap, hed help papa in the store and
Hymie would smile so big and rub little Iras head and say yes, take a
nap, Iras a big boy now and he will help me and Ira would smile up at
his father and Ada would go back to the small rooms behind the candy
store and lie down. And sometimes, when maybe it wasnt too busy,
Hymie would fix the supper while Ira watched the store and then Ira
would come back and wake her up and say suppers ready Mommy. See? And
everything would be on the table and they would eat and she would go
out and take care of the store while Hymie ate. And Hymie worked so
hard. Opening the store at 6 in the morning and going out and getting
the papers off the street, and sometimes it would be cold and
raining, and he would carry in the big bundles of papers all by
himself ( he would never let her help him with that) and cut the
cords and arrange them on the stand and she would lie in bed,
pretending to be asleep, and all the years they were married Hymie
got out of bed so quietly so she should sleeplonger and every morning
she would wake up but she never let him know she was awake so he
wouldnt worry about her. Then he would come back at 8 oclock and she
would pretend to wake up when he touched her, and she would get up
and fix the breakfast. For 20 years they had that store and they were
so happy—the child ran his tricycle into a tree and toppled off,
but got right up and started riding again—maybe they didnt always
have so much, but they were happy and she could still smell the soda
fountain; the sweet smell of ice cream, syrups, mixed fruits, hot
fudge, marshmallow, whipped cream and the fudgicles, popsicles and
ices and the candy and chewing gum on the counter and the candy
shelves on the opposite side of the store, the sliding glass doors
smeared by the smudgy hands of thousands of children. She used to
lean on the counter and watch them look at the candies pointing with
their fingers pressed against the glass. Many times each day this
would happen and Ada would wonder why they had to lean against the
glass with their hands and why it took them so long to make up their
minds what candy they wanted. And then when Ira came, late in her
life, it didnt annoy her as much. They were young like her Ira. But
when they get older they werent so nice and said bad things to you.
But Ira was always such a good boy. And they had to kill him. And
they didnt even see his body. Just a telegram and many years later a
sealed coffin. My poor Ira. So young. Not even a father and now dead.
Dead already 15 years—a few other children joined the one with the
tricycle and they took turns riding it, laughing and running around
in circles. Ada smiled as she watched them. Dead 15 years and not
even children to remember you. I dont know why they did this to me.
Even dead before Hymie, his father. And even Hymie left me. Such a
good man. Worked so hard his back bent—someone passed and Ada
smiled, but they just walked past not noticing Ada and Ada almost
yelled at them, but stopped as she noticed that now women were coming
down and people were going to the store and children were running and
laughing and the sun was getting brighter and warmer and a few men
straddled a bench with a checker board between them and maybe someone
would sit down next to her and they would talk.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

WOMENS CHORUS I
The housewives were on a bench. They looked at Ada
and laughed. Everything comes out in this weather. Even Ada. I guess
shes airing out her clothes. Laughter. Same shitty coat. She wears it
all winter. Why dont she take it off? She got nothin on underneath.
Whattaya mean? I bet shes wearing scabs. Laughter. Shes a filthy
slob. I bet even the fumi-gator is afraid ta go up her house. I bet
her crotch smells like limburger cheese. Laughter. ( One picked her
nose, exploring each nostril first with the pinky, locating the
choice deposits, then with the forefinger broke loose the nights
accumulations, scraping with the thumb and plucking forth, with thumb
and forefinger, a choice meaty snot, long and green, spotted with
yellows, waving it about, then rolling it in a ball, caressing it
between her fingers, trying to flip it off but it clung tenaciously,
adhesively to the finger until it was finally rubbed off on the
bench.) And that fuckin Lucy. I saw her goin to the laundromat with
another bunch of clothes. Aaaaa, who the fuck she thinks she is.
Always washin clothes. Yeah, whos she tryin ta kid. You know her
husbands goin ta school. Yeah. I guess he thinks hes gonna be
somethin. Maybe hes gonna learn ta be a pimp. What for. Aint nobody
gonna want ta fuck Lucy. I bet she thinks its ta piss through. Me, I
wash my clothes when they need it, but I dont act like that. (One
lifted a cheek of her ass, let go a loud gurgling fart and sighed.)
Laughter. Looka Ada smilin. I think shes nuts the way she smiles all
the time like that. She is. Shes got people talkin to/er in her head.
Somebody oughtta call up Kings County and turner in. Laughter. Yeah,
it aint safe with nuts runnin around. All she needs is a good fuckin.
Maybe I should send Henry ova, hed do a good job. Laughter. I bet
shes got money put away somewhere. You know those kind. Yeah. Her
husband was in business for himself and you cant tell me shes gotta
go on Relief. Look atter sittin alone and smilin. If I had her money
you wouldnt catch me sittin here. (A scab is picked off a leg,
examined from various angles then flicked away. )

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
PROJECT
NEWSLETTER
It has been brought to the attention of the
Management of this Project that certain Adolescent children are
taking money from younger children, threatening to beat them up if
they do not give up the money they have. They are also stopping the
smaller children on there way to the store with deposit bottles and
taking them away from them along with any money they might have. Any
child caught taking money from younger children will be handed over
to the Police Department for prosecution and the families of the
children will be immediately evicted. The management recommends that
mothers refrain from sending young children to the store with money
or deposit bottles. We want this Project to be a safe place for
everyone to live. It is up to everyone to cooperate.
*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Mike finally got up. The babys crying was faint, but
he knew that as soon as he opened the door the crying would be louder
and Helen would come over to him and bother him about something,
wanting to eat or get dressed or ask some damn stupid questions. He
got dressed and sat back on the edge of the bed and smoked a
cigarette, then stretched out on the bed hoping he would feel sleepy.
He covered his eyes with his arm, but it didnt help. He put out the
cigarette and rolled over on his side—Helen heard the movement and
turned from the window, where she had been watching the kids, and
waited for the door to open-but he just didnt feel tired. Still he
lay there hoping he might drowse off and maybe sleep for a few more
hours. At least there would be that much more time passed. I wonder
what time it is? Cant be 12 yet, didnt hear the whistle. If the kids
would just shut up maybe I could get ta sleep. But the sun was bright
and even with the shade drawn there was plenty of light in the room
and goddamn-it, he might just as well get up. Might just as well. He
rolled back to the edge of the bed and slowly stood. The goddamn kid
was probably wet. Krist can he make noise. He went to the window and
peered out, keeping the shade down. Most of the windows of the
apartments were open and he looked in each one, not shifting to the
next one until he was fully accustomed to the changes of light and
was certain there was nothing to be seen. Once he had seen a woman,
not a bad lookin head either, leaning out the window, talking to
someone downstairs, and one of her tits fell out of her robe. She
didnt know he was watching so she didnt hurry to stick it back. And
it was a good size tit too. Things like that might happen anytime,
especially when the weather was warm. That was a good day. He had
felt good the whole day. It was almost as good as gettin a strange
piece. He had a gigantic hardon all day and when Irene came home from
work he walked her right into the bedroom and they fucked like crazy.
He had her sit on it and her tits stuck way out and he buried his
face in them and all the time Irene wiggled her ass and Krist did his
cock twitch. Yeah, that was some day. He wished ta Krist somethin
like that would happen again. A couple a times hed seen a nigga bitch
walkin around with her tits hangin out, but that was different. It
gotim homy, but not the way it did when he saw a white broads tits
with big rosy nipples. Thats what he needed. A strange piece. Been a
long time since he fucked anybody but Irene . . . Except, of course,
for a couplea gangbangs at beer rackets, but that was different. Its
not like really makin a broad; Its not that Irene aint a good
piece—shes built real nice and got a great pair of tits —but he
was gettin tired of the same old shit all the time. And lately she/d
been breakin his balls about getting a job again. Fuck her. Why
should he work? He dont get nothin outta it. Why should he get up in
the mornin and break his balls? They was doin alright like this with
Irene workin. —The baby was still crying, but he was completely
accustomed to the noise now and with his mind preoccupied he didnt
hear him. He continued looking carefully into each window. A young
jew girl lived across from him and he watched her window for a long
time. She had a nice pair of boobs and hed like ta catch her
sometime. If only he could see in the bathroom window and watch her
come outta the tub, man that would be somethin. Nice young stuff.
Shit. Shes probably outta the house by now. He passed on to the next
window. Why in the hell should I work? Break yaballs for what? Ya
dont get nothin anyway. Shit. Almost 26 and whatave I got? Nothin.
Why should I break my balls for some jew for a lousy couple a bucks a
week and they get all the gravy. Fuckem. If I had a couple a bucks I
could see somea the boys tanight and maybe we/d pick somethin up.
Thats what I need ta straighten me out. Been feelin kindda crummy
lately. Need ta go out with the boys is all. If I dont wanna work its
my business. He finished making the rounds of the windows, but went
over them again, quickly, but still there was nothing to be seen.
Balls. He left the room. He ignored the now loud crying of the baby
and went out to the kitchen, Helen walking behind him. I hope ta
Krist Irene made a good pot of coffee this morning. He looked at the
jar of instant coffee on the table and cursed Irenes lazy ass for not
making a pot of coffee. He heated some water and made a cup of
coffee, shaking his head yes, no, at Helen who hadnt stopped talking
since he came out, agreeing, disagreeing, telling her o k, wait a
minute; not today, maybe tomorrow. He lit a cigarette, turned on the
radio—Helen still talking—and finally told Helen to stop
bothering him. I want to go out Daddy. O K, O K, let me finish my
coffee, willya? He drank his coffee and smoked a cigarette then
started to dress her, tearing clothes out of drawers, looking for an
undershirt and, where the hell areya pants, cursing Irene for not
laying out the kids clothes before she left. How inthehell did she
expect him ta know where she kept everything and all the time Arthur
was crying and Helen stood away, her thumb in her mouth, and Mike was
goddamn mad because there was no reason why the things couldnt be
where he could find them and why the hell didnt she dress the kid
before she left and he finally said the hell with it and Helen
started crying and he yelled ta shut up and shoved her in her room.
He made himself another cup of coffee and lit another cigarette,
trying to ignore Arthur, but he couldnt and knew that sooner or later
he would have to change him just as he knew each morning when he
awoke that eventually he would have to get up and he would reach this
same point when he could no longer ignore the yellin brat and hed
have ta change the pissy diaper. Krist, how he hated ta change the
kid in the morning. He didnt mind so much in the afternoon, the other
time he changed him (when he did), but in the morning it was
disgusting. The goddamn diaper was soaked with piss and they stunk
like hell. And usually there was a pile of shit and it was smeared
all over the kids ass. He finished the coffee and cigarette, but
didnt move from the table. Maybe he should go out and get a few
bottles of beer first. Yeah, that was a good idea. He bought a few
quarts of beer and came back feeling better. He poured a glass and
went into the kids room, looked at Arthur, why doya have ta make so
goddamn much noise. Krist, ya stink. He yanked the rubber diaper off,
then carefully took out the pins and turned his head slightly as he
slowly pulled the diaper off. O Jesus, what a fuckin mess! He clamped
his teeth together and was so goddamn mad he wanted to slap the kid.
Arthur finally stopped crying as the wet diaper was removed and Mike
looked at him and told him hed better shut up or hed wrap the diaper
around his goddamn head. He dumped the shit in the toilet bowl and
dropped the diaper in a bucket. The bucket was filled with dirty
diapers and he cursed Irene for not cleaning them yesterday like he
told her. She knows she should wash diapers everyday, the
sonofabitch. Shit. He went back to Arthur, put a clean diaper on him,
pulled up the rubber pants, then dropped a few toys in the crib
before going back to the kitchen and his beer. At least that much was
over and now he could at least sit and have a beer and listen to the
radio and maybe think of something to do.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
The laundromat was crowded and Lucy sat on a bench
waiting. She sat the children beside her and told them to sit still,
but Robert started kicking his feet and Johnny was sliding off the
bench, Lucy grabbing his arm and pulling him back and telling him to
sit still and be quiet. I dont want you running around like those
other kids. Lucy glanced at the machines that had been assigned her
by the woman in charge, trying to determine how much longer it would
be before she could use them. She wished she had a magazine to look
at to pass the time, but if she did she knew she wouldnt be able to
concentrate because Johnny was sure to play with some other kid if
she didnt watch him. She pulled him back to the bench and told Robert
to keep his legs still. O, how she hated waiting in this place.
Nothing to do but sit, and listen to those stupid women giggling and
talking to each other and heheheheheing all over the place. Always
laughing. O, she hated this place. Johnny had slid down again and was
standing leaning against the bench watching his Mother to see if she
would pull him back. She checked the machines again. Wont be too much
longer. Johnny took a step—she hadnt done anything yet and maybe he
could walk around now. Lucy pulled him back by the arm and sat him
down. He would have to wait. Finally the machines stopped and the
woman took her clothes out, Lucy eyeing them. They were still a
little dingy. She got her clothes ready for the machines. Johnny, who
had slid down again from the bench, was moping around. Robert watched
his brother for a moment, then he too slid down and stood, holding on
to the bench. Lucy put the soap in the machines, then added just a
little more. Finished, she turned away from the machines and saw
Robert pick something up from the floor and quickly took it from him,
then looked around for Johnny as she put Robert back on the bench. He
was playing with a little boy at the other end of the laundromat and
Lucy almost yelled, but controlled herself and calmly walked over to
get him. Johnny was playing with a spick boy wearing dirty dungarees
and filthy ripped sneakers. Lucy wanted to yank Johnny away, but she
calmly took his hand and took him back to where they were sitting.
Johnny whined and wanted to know why he couldnt play with the other
kid and Lucy told him that he must sit down, that he might get hurt
by one of the washing machines. Johnny argued, but Lucy was firm. She
smiled at him and told him to sit quietly. Then she looked at her
machines and frowned as she saw that suds were above the indicated
level and were actually visible on the edge of the funnel on the top
of the machine where the soap was poured in. She stared at the rising
mound of suds, her hand still on Johnnys leg, and watched it foam
over the sides and run down the sides of the machine. She didnt know
what to do and was too embarrassed to call the woman who worked
there. The suds continued to billow over and a stream of water ran
down between the machines. Finally someone called it to the attention
of the woman and she came over, tinkered with something in the rear
of the machines and the suds went down and then she asked who had the
machine. Lucy got up and started apologizing and the woman told her
she should be careful of how much soap powder she put in the machine
then told her where she could find the mop. Lucy got it and wiped up
the water self-consciously avoiding every-ones eyes. She replaced the
mop and started feeling a resentment and at the same time incapable
of keeping from wondering if the woman thought she was no better than
the spick at the other end. She went back to the bench and saw that
Johnny was not there, but had once again gone to play with the little
boy. She yelled at him roughly and Johnny came running and jumped up
on the bench, not daring to look at her (remembering the morning),
but knowing she was glaring at him. The children sat still and Lucy
said nothing, but stared at the machines, burning with embarrassment
and resentment. The machines finally stopped and she told the
children to sit right there and she emptied the machines then sat
back on the bench and waited to use the extractor. While she waited a
woman came in with a cart of clothes and asked if she could use the
extractor, the one in her laundromat across the way broke down. The
woman in charge told her she would have to wait until all her people
were finished, that she couldnt let people from other buildings come
in here and use her extractor until her people were finished and she
didnt know if theyd be finished in time, it was getting late and
there were a awful lot of people waiting and she had to close soon.
The woman was annoyed at having waited for an hour in the other
laundromat and then the ghuddamn thing went and broke down and she
was ghuddamned if shed take any lip from anybudy. She said she just
wanted to use the extractor and she/d wait ghuddamnit, but she was
gonna use it and she didnt want no argument, glaring at the
whitewoman and ghuddamn mad at her for talking like that at her.
Well, youll just wait until all my people are finished and if theres
still time you can use it and dont be so damn snotty. Look, ah didnt
come here to take any of yo shit, ahm just gonna use the extractor
and thats all, yo hear? The woman wanted to tell her to get her black
ass the hell outta her laundromat, but she didnt dare. She turned her
back on her, suddenly deciding to help a woman (colored) take her
clothes out of the machine, then told the intruder (the nigga
bastard) that this laundromat was only for the people in this
building, and anyway, the woman in the other laundromat never lets
any of my people use her extractor. The other woman walked over to
her and told her not to give her any of her shit, that if she wanted
to use the mothafuckan extractor that she/d use it ghuddamn it. The
operator stood straight, put her hands on her hips and beamed. You
can just get the hell outta here sister. We have ladies here who
arent used to that kind of language (you filthy nigga whore). Dont
chuall tell me what to do mothafucka. This heres for usali to use an
ghuddamnit Im gonna use this mothafucka if ah gotta break yo fuckin
haid. Dont you swear at me you sonofa( black)bitchen scum—Lucy
grabbed Robert and the cart, and rushed from the laundromat, up the
ramp and out into the air, rushing from the laundromat as she did
from the elevator, Johnny running to keep up with her.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Abraham opened the door of his bigass Cadillac and
looked smugly around at the people sitting, the people passing and
the people washing their cars, children running back and forth with
clean buckets of water, before getting in and closing the door with a
flourish. He stretched his legs, pushing back against the seat, and
smiled. It was his. Ghud-damn right. All his. He looked at the
dashboard with all its knobs and patted it. Every ghuddamn hunk of
chrome belonged to him, Abe. He started the motor and let it idle,
then turned on the radio and opened the window on his side. He tuned
in the station he wanted, tapping his foot as a sax screeched and
wailed, took a cigarette out of the pack, placed it slowly and
carefully between his lips, pushed in the dashboard lighter, leaned
back, still tapping his foot and smiling, until the lighter popped
out then pulled it from the socket and lit his cigarette, blowing the
smoke at the windshield, watching it drift out the window. He looked
again at the poor studs washing their cars by hand and sneered. You
didnt catch this cat washing his own car. Not ol Abe. He rested his
elbow on the door, stretched his legs again and adjusted his genitals
(I/ll fuck the lightskinned ass ofener). Ol Abe always felt relaxed
and great in his Cadillac and today he felt betteranever. Ghuddamn if
this wasnt a real fine day and he looked at the back seat, at the
floor (seems to be a little messy, but the boys always clean it out
after theys finished washin), rubbed his hand along the fine
upholstery, patted the dashboard again ( ghuddamn if it didnt shine
like a babys ass), turned up the radio and once more dug the cats
washin their cars with buckets of water, soap and sponges. Ghuddamn
if it dont look like every ass in the Projects is out today washing
his car. Thats not fo me. Ah pays to have that shit done. Ah, it was
great, real great man, to just sit and dig the radio and smell the
car, that special CADILLAC smell and not have those ghuddamn
houserats arunnin all ovuhya, and that ghuddamn bitch yellin. Abe
inhaled deeply and flipped his cigarette out the window. Betta get
mah ass movin. He threw the car into reverse and backed out, made a
screeching u-turn (haha, looka those cats diggin me) and drove to
Blackies garage. He stepped forth from his Cadillac and Blackie came
over to greet him. How yodoin man? Great Blackie. Hows mah man? O K
pops. Want the usual job? Youknow me, ah knows how to treat a
Cadillac. Ahll be back afta awhile for it. Abe strolled down the
block to the barber shop and when he opened the door everyone greeted
him and he smiled and walked to a vacant seat, beaming at everyone
and waving his hand, his popularity making him feel great, real great
cause everyone knew he was a great guy, a real swing-in cat, and
everyone dug him the most. As soon as he sat down the bootblack came
over and started shining his shoes. He wisht that chick could see him
now and how everyone knew he was a great guy, but she/d know that
tonight. Man, would she know it. She/d know she wasnt messin with no
farm boy fresh from the south, but 01 Abe, and he was one stud who
really knew the score ( caressing his genitals ) and she/d damn sure
know it soon enough. The radio was playing and Abe sang along with
the vocalist, singing much louder, and he knew he was a damn sight
better than the cat on the radio, although he was good enough. The
bootblack finished with Abes shoes and he flipped him a half dollar.
Before Abe sat in the chair to have his hair cut he carefully combed
it again, adjusting each wave until it was in precisely the proper
position, then he sat down and said, the usual. He crossed his legs
and checked the barber in the mirror as he cut. He supervised the
cutting of each and every hair, having the barber lift a mirror to
the back of his head every few minutes, making certain the back was
absolutely straight across and not too short, checking the length of
his sideburns, watching how he shaved around the ears and telling him
to cut the tips of the few hairs that were sticking out on the left
side just behind the second wave. The chair was leveled and Abe was
shaved, the barber working carefully so there wouldnt be any
irritation or danger of a slight rash, and Abe told him which way to
go as he shaved the different parts of his face, telling him to be
careful of that pimple. When he was finished the barber wiped his
face with a towel, not too hot but just the way Ol Abe liked it, then
carefully rubbed in skin cream and a special after shave lotion. Then
Abe had his mustache trimmed and the hair in his nose cut. He stepped
out of the chair and looked at himself in the mirror, combing his
hair and adjusting the waves, and flashed a couple of bills into the
barbers hands. He stayed for a while with the boys, listening to and
singing along with the music, telling the boys about the fine chicks
hes got after him and the cool brown-skinned chick that was givin him
the eye last night and how he dumped some big mothafucka on his ass a
few weeks ago in MELS, and ah mean he was big Jim, and he had a blade
that long, but ah laid one onim and pow, he went down jus lake that,
and showed them his fist and smiled and they all laughed and he waved
again as he sauntered out the door. Yeah, they all liked Ol Abe. He
looked at his watch, but it was still too early to pick up the
Cadillac. Itll takem a few more hours to do a good job. Too bad,
cause this was the kindda day you lake to take a ride and just cruise
around and dig the music on the radio and maybe pick somethin up. Too
bad that chick wasnt around now. They could go for a little drive . .
. yeah, man, a little drive, hehehe . . . well, maybe we do a little
drivin tonight . . . He snapped his fingers, sheeeit ... He stopped
outside the movie and studied the signs advertising the movies being
shown. Two cowboy pictures were playing so Ol Abe decided hed kill
the afternoon in the movie and sheeit, he always did dig cowboy
pictures and when he got out the Cadillac would be ready.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

THE PLAYGROUND
Most of the kids were out now, running around,
knocking or being knocked down, depending upon their size. Some
picked up a few bags of garbage that were lying around the halls and
started a fire, running around it yelling, picking up pieces of
burning garbage and throwing it at each other until a few doors
opened and they were told ta get the fuck outta there ya little
mothafuckas and they kicked the fire around the hall, yelled fuck
you, and ran down the stairs, screaming, and out of the building.
Others put strips of paper in the mail boxes with mail, then lit the
paper and jumped up and down gleefully as the mail burned and the
flames blackened the wall. When all the mail had been burned they
rang as many bells as they could reach then ran screaming from the
building. Heads popped out of windows and the kids were told theyd
get their goddamn asses kicked if they didnt stop that shit and a bag
of garbage and an empty bottle were thrown at them and the kids
laughed and said up yur ass and ran to the playground where the
smaller ones climbed up the sliding pond, knocking off the even
younger kids, stamping on the hands of those who tried to climb the
ladder, yanking another one off, kicking another in the face; then
they made the rounds of the seesaws, flipping kids off, banging one
in the face with the seesaw, the younger kids lying on the ground
crying until a few parents, sitting in the sun, looked over and
yelled, then the kids ran away to another part of the playground; and
some of the bigger kids took a basketball away from the kids on the
court and when the owner of the ball started crying for his ball they
finally hurled it at him smashing his nose and making it bleed and
one of his friends yelled at the fleeing kids calling them black
bastards and they came back and told him he was blackeran shit and
the other kids said they had black bedbugs and the other kid said his
mother fucks for spicks and the kid pulled out a nailfile and slashed
the other kid across the cheek and then ran, his friends running with
him; and in the far corner of the playground a small group of kids
huddled quietly, keeping to themselves, ignoring the fighting and
screaming, their arms of comradeship around each others shoulders,
laughing and smoking marijuana.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
HURRYUP AND DRESS THE KID. I WANNA TAKE JOEY FOR A
HAIRCUT. WHATAYA MEAN HAIRCUT? SHAKING HER HAND IN HIS FACE. WHATS
THE MATTA HE GOTTA TAKE A HAIRCUT? SOMETHING WRONG WITH HIS HAIR, EH?
WHATZA MATTA YOU WANNA CUT IT OFF? ITS TOO LONG, THATS WHATZA MATTA.
LOOK, HES GOT CURLS LIKEA GURL, PULLING JOEY RY HIS HAIR, ALMOST
LIFTING HIM OFF HIS FEET, THE KID YELLING AND KICKING AT VINNIE. ITS
TOO LONG, THATS WHATZA MATTA. MARY GRARRED A HANDFUL OF HAIR AND SAID
WHATZA MATTA WITH THE CURLS? YOU DONT LIKE CURLS SO THE KID GOTTA
TAKE A HAIRCUT? NO, I DONT LIKE ALL THOSE CURLS, VIOLENTLY SHAKING
THE HAND HOLDING JOEYS HAIR. I DONT WANIM LOOKIN LIKE NO GURL. HES
GONNA TAKE A HAIRCUT. YURAZ HES GONNA TAKE A HAIRCUT. I LIKE HIS HAIR
LONG AND CURLY AND ITS GONNA STAY LIKE DAT, PULLING SO HARD ON JOEYS
HAIR SHE LIFTED HIM FROM THE FLOOR AND HE SCREECHED AND SCRATCHED HER
HAND SO HARD SHE OPENED IT AND HE TURNED AND KICKED HIS FATHER AND
SCRATCHED HIS HAND AND VINNIE LET GO OF HIS HAIR AND SLAPPED HIM ON
THE RACK OF HIS

HEAD AND MARY KICKED HIS ASS AND THEY YELLED AT HIM,
BUT JOEY DIDNT MIND, HE JUST KEPT RUNNING AND THEY TURNED BACK TO
EACH OTHER. VINNIE YELLED AGAIN TA GET THE KID DRESSED SO HE COULD
TAKEIM FOR A HAIRCUT AND MARY SAID HE DONT NEED ONE. MEEEEEE, WHAT A
FUCKIN JERK. THE KIDS HAIRS DOWN TA HISZASS AND SHE SAYS HE DONT NEED
NO HAIRCUT. YEAH. I SAY. I SAY. IT LOOKS NICE. I LIKE IT. HE AINT
SUPPOSEDTA LOOK LIKE A GURL. WHO SAYS, EH? WHO SEZ. AND ANYWAY HE
DONT LOOK LIKE NO GURL. HE LOOKS CUTE. VINNIE SLAPPED HIS HEAD AND
GROANED. MEEEEEE, HE LOOKS CUTE. WHAT KINDDA CUTE WITH ALL DOZE
CURLS. WHATSAMATTA WITH CURLS, EH? WHATSAMATTA? DIDNT YA BRODDA
AUGIES KID HAVE CURLS AND DIDNT ROSIE MAKE IT STAY LONG, EH? EH? SO
WHAT THE FUCK YAYELLIN ABOUT? YEAH. YEAH. AND YA SEE HOW CREEPY THE
KID IS. LONG HAIR MAKES A KID CREEPY. THATS WHAT IT DOES. GODFABID MY
KID GROWS UP LIKE THAT. ID GIVEM A SHOT IN THE HEAD, joey peeked at
them from his room. WHO YA GONNA GIVE A SHOT IN THE HEAD, EH? WHO?
WHATTAYAMEAN WHO? ILL GIVE YAONE TOO. YA THINK SO, EH? YEAH. GOAHEAD.
GOAHEAD. ILL SPLIT YA FUCKIN SKULL. WHOSE SKULL YA GONNA SPLIT. EH?
YOU MAKEIM TAKE A HAIRCUT. GOAHEAD, MAKEIM. YOULL SEE. I SAY HES
GOTTA TAKE A HAIRCUT SO SHUT UP, YEAH? WAVING HIS HAND IN HER FACE
AND MARY HIT HIM ON THE FOREHEAD AND YELLED SHE DIDNT WANT JOEY TA
TAKE A HAIRCUT AND VINNIE SHOVED HER, GO WAAAAAAY, AND WENT TO JOEYS
ROOM. JOEY WAS SITTING IN THE CORNER WATCHING THE DOOR AND STARTED TO
SCREAM WHEN VINNIE PICKED HIM UP AND CARRIED HIM TO THE CLOSET AND
STARTED YANKING CLOTHES OFF THE HANGERS. HE SAT THE KID ON THE BED
AND STARTED DRESSING HIM WHEN MARY CAME IN AND SHOVED HIM AWAY FROM
JOEY AND TOLD HIM TA LAY OFF, HE DIDNT HAVE TA TAKE A HAIRCUT, AND
VINNIE SHOVED HER AGAINST THE WALL AND TOLD HER TA LEAVEIM ALONE,
YEAH? AND CONTINUED DRESSING JOEY AND MARY CAME BACK AND SCREECHED IN
HIS FACE AND STARTED SHOVING AND HE SHOVED BACK WITH ONE HAND WHILE
TRYING TO DRESS JOEY WITH THE OTHER AND JOEY SAT ON THE BED KICKING
HIS FEET AND YELLING AND THE YOUNGER KID CRAWLED IN FROM THE LIVING
ROOM AND SAT BY THE BED FOR A MOMENT THEN HE TOO STARTED YELLING AND
VINNIE SHOVED MARY HARDER AND SHE FELL BACK, TRIPPING OVER THE BABY,
FALLING ON THE FLOOR AND SHE JUMPED BACK UP AND STARTED KICKING
VINNIE AND HE BACKHANDED HER HARD ACROSS THE FACE AND JOEY TWISTED
AWAY FROM VINNIE AND LAY ON HIS STOMACH CRYING AND KICKING AND THE
BABY WAS SILENT FOR A SECOND AS MARY FELL OVER HIM THEN STARTED
WAILING EVEN LOUDER AND MARY SAID TA LEAVE THE FUCKIN KID ALONE AND
VINNIE GRABBED HER BY THE SHOULDERS AND SHOOK HER AND ASKED
WHATZAMATTA YA CRAZY AND SHOVED HER AGAINST THE WALL AGAIN AND JOEY
FELL FROM THE BED ONTO THE FLOOR AND HE KICKED THE FLOOR SCREAMING,
HIS HANDS POUNDING THE FLOOR AND VINNIE LEANED OVER THE BED AND
PICKED HIM UP AND STARTED DRESSING HIM AGAIN AND MARY PUMMELED HIM
OVER THE HEAD WITH HER FISTS AND VINNIE KEPT SHOVING HER AWAY AND
DRAGGING CLOTHES OVER THE KIDS ARMS AND LEGS AND WHEN HIS SHIRT
RIPPED AND VINNIE PULLED HIS ARM TOO FAR HE LET GO OF THE KID FOR A
MINUTE AND PUNCHED MARY ON THE JAW AND SHE WENT STAGGERING THROUGH
THE DOORWAY, BOUNCED OFF A WALL AND FELL TO THE FLOOR AND THE BABY
WATCHED, STILL WAILING AND JOEY STOPPED KICKING FOR A MINUTE AND
VINNIE DRAGGED SOMEMORE CLOTHES ON THE KID, THEN JOEY STARTED YELLING
AGAIN, BUT HE WAS ALMOST DRESSED NOW AND MARY WAS STILL UNCONSCIOUS
AND VINNIE WAS STILL MUMBLING TO HIMSELF ABOUT THE KID GOTTA TAKE A
HAIRCUT, HE AINT GONNA LOOK LIKE NO CREEP AND AUGIE WAS GODDAMN MAD
ROSIE DIDNT MAKE THE KID TAKE A HAIRCUT AND HE AINT GONNA HAVE NO
SHIT LIKE THAT AND HE FINALLY GOT ENOUGH CLOTHES ON JOEY AND MARY
STARTED TO MOAN AND VINNIE YELLED TA SHUTUUUUUP AND HE DRAGGED JOEY
FROM THE ROOM INTO THE OTHER BEDROOM AND VINNIE GOT A JACKET AND PUT
IT ON AND THE BABY HAD CRAWLED OVER TO MARY AND WAS SLAPPING HER ON
THE STOMACH AND GIGGLING AND MARY OPENED HER EYES AND VINNIE AND JOEY
CAME OUT OF THE ROOM AND SHE TRIED TO GRAB VINNIES LEG AS HE STEPPED
OVER HER, BUT HE JUST SHOOK IT LOOSE AND SHE WATCHED THEM LEAVE THE
APARTMENT, SLOWLY GETTING TO HER FEET AND SHE FINALLY MADE IT TO THE
LIVING ROOM WINDOW JUST AS VINNIE AND JOEY WERE LEAVING THE BUILDING,
JOEY STILL YELLING, BUT NOT AS LOUD, AS VINNIE DRAGGED HIM ALONG AND
MARY OPENED THE WINDOW AND YELLED COME BACK YA FUCKIN SONOFABITCH AND
VINNIE SHOOK HIS HAND AT HER SHUTUUUUUUP, YEAH? AND HE CONTINUED DOWN
THE PATH TO THE STREET, MARY STILL SCREAMING FROM THE WINDOW. . .

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Johnny almost drove Lucy crazy in the supermarket.
Robert sat quietly in the shopping cart, but Johnny skipped ahead
looking at the shelves, stopping to stare at people and talk with
other children. It seemed like every few minutes she had to drag him
away from some child and he would skip off as soon as she freed his
hand and when she looked around again he would be with some child,
kneeling and looking under shelves or playing with some kitten or the
Lord knows what. And then, of course, he wanted candy and Lucy
finally had to twist his arm and tell him to behave or she would beat
him. O, how she hated the weekends; having to shop in the crowded
stores (Louis was home for two whole days (sometimes), and he was
always in a hurry to go to bed, but he wouldnt sleep and wanted to
fool around all night), and the laundromat was so crowded. She
finally finished shopping and left the store. She rushed along the
street carrying Robert, dragging her cart and Johnny, who was running
to keep up and turning every few minutes to look in a store window or
to watch kids play. She was doubly irritated by the people who
strolled along leisurely enjoying the warm weather and the bright
sun. Ada smiled at her when she passed her bench but Lucy ignored her
(the filthy jew. Never changes her clothes) and rushed past her. She
had to literally drag Johnny away from the children playing in front
of the building and slapped his arm when he wanted to know why he
couldnt stay down and play. She snarled in his ear and he ran in the
building. Of course the elevator was still messed and she had to
climb the stairs to the apartment. She couldnt understand why someone
didnt clean the mess, after all everyone knew the porter wouldnt be
back until Monday. The least someone could do would be to cover it.

Louis was sitting at the table drinking coffee and
reading. She let the door slam and plopped in a chair. She took the
childrens coats off and they ran yelling to their room and Lucy told
them to play quietly. She poured herself a cup of coffee and plopped
back in the chair. O, Im exhausted. Louis sipped his coffee ( she
usually doesnt pull that until we get to bed), continued reading and
grunted. Im just worn out Ive had to climb the stairs twice today
with that heavy cart. Uh? Yes, twice. Lucy was slightly peeved at
Louis/s lack of interest in her discomfort, but reminded herself that
he had to study. She waited until he looked at her before continuing.
Finally Louis reached the end of a paragraph and turned to her. Whats
that? I had to climb the stairs twice, speaking in an exasperated
tone. Yeah? Yes. She told him about the mess in the elevator. Louis
said he thought it would be easier to wait until you got home than do
that. Then he smiled as he imagined how funny the person must have
looked as he squatted in the elevator, shitting. Lucy said she didnt
think it was so funny, not when you had to climb the stairs, but
Louis continued to smile, wondering what would have happened if
someone else had walked in the elevator just at that time. They sure
wouldve been caught with their pants down. Louis laughed and Lucy
frowned. Johnny came rushing out of the room shouting, Robert
trailing behind, DA DA. Lucy grabbed Johnny and demanded to know what
they were doing. Johnny stared at her and said playing. Well, why
cant you play quietly? why must you always make so much noise—just
playin cowboys. I dont care. Just play quietly. Do you have to run
around like a ragamuffin? Now go in your room and play quietly. The
children went back to their room and Lucy sighed. That boy sure can
be nerve-racking. Hes under my. feet all day long, always
arunnin—running around the house yelling. O, it aint so bad as all
that. Lucy almost corrected his using -all-, but hesitated knowing
Louis would get mad. But I have him all day, everyday. You do not
know how it is. Then why dont you just letim go out an play? Lucy
cringed. Caus—Because I do not want him playing with any patched
pants kids, thats why. Louis squirmed in his chair. He knew what was
coming and he was determined to avoid an argument. If we lived
somewhere else and had a bigger apartment it wouldnt be so bad. Louis
said nothing, but breathed deeply and lit a cigarette—somewheres
where I could let him out or where theres enough room so he wouldnt
be underfoot all day. Four and a half rooms arent enough. And I dont
even have any friends here (you dont have any anywhere). I have no
body to talk to—O, what doya mean? Theres plenty a people to talk
to around here. Why just look out the window, theres people all ovuh.
I do not want to talk with those people (the word is over). Well, ah
dont see anything wrong with living here and its goddamn cheap. And
ah aint gonna move. But you dont know how it is all day. Already
Louis was sorry he had allowed himself to argue, again, with Lucy,
but he couldnt stop. Every weekend she starts a argument about
something. Look, ah says we stay. This place suits me fine an if we
moved we couldnt have no car an ah aint givin up the car. He got up
and poured himself another cup of coffee and Lucy argued on. He sat
back at the table and tried to ignore Lucy and wished there was a
goddamn baseball game on t v. Lucys voice droned on and he sat
smoking and drinking trying not to hear her, not wanting to argue
about the same old shit again and have her get pissed off and turn
her back on him for a month when they went to bed. It was hard enough
as it was to get her in the mood. She always had some kind of excuse
and he was too tired to go out looking tonight. But he was damned if
he was gonna give up the car—the children started yelling at each
other and Lucy ran into their room—and anyway, school was only
another few months. And once he got out hed have it made. And when he
got himself a good job and a few bucks ahead, then maybe theyd move
to a Middle Income Project, but he wasnt going to leave school now
(and he wasnt getting rid of the car. If he didnt have that he might
never get laid), especially after all the money hed paid them. And it
was the best t v/radio repair school in the city —Lucy came back
moaning about the kids always fighting over a toy—and hed get a job
like that, and everybody knew how easy it was to knock down money
repairing radio and t v sets. Lucy continued talking and Louis
refused to argue, thinking, and having thought all day, of tonight,
and wishing to hell there was a ball game on.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

WOMENS CHORUS II
The women were still on the bench, looking at a
couple who had just sat down on a bench across from them. I wonder
how they fuck? The woman was short with braces on both legs, a small
hump on her back and she walked with crutches. Her husband had a
wooden leg and walked with a twisted limp. Maybe he unscrews his leg
and fuckser with the stump. Laughter. I wonder if she hitsim with her
crutches when she comes . . . The cripples looked at them and smiled
and the women nodded and smiled. Maybe he tapser on the hump when he
wants ta get humped. Laughter. They smiled again at the cripples,
then the smiles left all their faces and they groaned as they saw Mr.
Green approach. His wife had had a stroke and was in the hospital and
whenever he came out of the apartment he stopped the first one he saw
and told them the entire story, and whenever he came in sight
everybody ran, but the women were too lethargic to move. It was a
funny thing how the stroke happened. We were just sitting in the
parlor and all of a sudden she looks funny—you know, very pale
like—and she moans and dribbles a little at the mouth and I helped
her to the couch and she kind of passed out— I called her and shook
her, but she didnt move—and I got one of the chairs from the
kitchen and took it over to the couch—I couldnt move a big
chair—and I sat there with her —I wouldnt leave her side for
anything—I guess I sat there for over 4 hours, then I went next
door and asked that nice young girl next door to come in and look at
my wife—I dont know what I would have done without her—and she
looked at her and said right away to call a doctor—such a nice
young girl and smart as a whip too—so I did and they took her to
the hospital. They gave her all kinds of examinations and they told
me she had a stroke. I couldnt even see her until the next day. Shes
been in the hospital 3 weeks now, but shes getting better. She ate
very well yesterday, even had a second helping of the stew—she says
it was very good —(the women continually looked at each other,
giggling and moaning, hoping the old creep would go away and one of
the women started looking through anothers hair, scraping off large
hunks of dandruff, trying to get the dandruff out of the way so she
could look for nits. The large hunks she just flipped away, but the
smaller ones she cracked with her finger nail to see if they were
just dandruff or a nit. If it snapped she showed it to the woman and
told her she got one) she had two helpings of stew and she had a very
good bowel movement this morning. It was soft and very dark. I guess
the pills they give her make it dark like that. If she keeps
improving they may let her come home soon . . . Mr. Green talked on
and the women groaned and squirmed (the hunter completely absorbed in
her work) and finally he finished and left, stopping someone else as
they left the building and telling them the story. The women couldnt
understand why he was so upset, the crazy ol bastard, he couldnt get
it up for 20 years, or maybe more. Yeah. They cut the bone outta that
a long time ago.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Mike got up from the table
occasionally, taking his glass of beer with him, and looked out the
window. He glanced at the other windows, but not with any real
interest or expectation. It was too late to catch some broad walking
around in an open bathrobe. He just looked out the window. He noticed
the many people walking around and sitting on the benches and
remembered that it was Saturday and that his friend Sal would be
over. Probably with a bottle. Yeah. Sal would be over and they could
get high. Great! He finished his beer then went back to the table and
refilled his glass. There was no need to nurse his beer now. Sal
should be there by the time he finished the beer and a few shots
would set him straight. He turned the radio up and drummed on the
table with his fingers. He felt better already. Yeah. Now there was
something to do. He cleared the dirty dishes from the table and piled
them in the sink. Helen asked again if she could go out and play and
Mike almost said yes, but when he looked at her he realized he would
have to dress her and he was in no mood to go diggin around looking
for shirts, coats and all that shit. No. You can go out tomorrow.
What the hell, it wasnt his fault he didnt know where all the clothes
were. If Irene would put things out for him in the morning it would
be different, but why should he have to go looking around for the
kids clothes? Irene could take her out tomorrow. Thank krist Irene
was off the next two days. At least he wouldnt have to take care of
the kids. And if it was a nice day maybe hed go out somewhere. Take
in a show or somethin. Irene usually broke his balls when she was
home, always asking him to help her with this or that, and she/d go
running around the joint bitchin because she had to wash clothes or
clean the house. What did she think he was, a goddamn house maid or
somethin. Fuck her. Thats her job. Why should I do it? Its not my
fault Im out of work. Maybe he and Sal would go out and pick up some
quiff tonight. Yeah. Maybe we/11 make the rounds of the bars. I could
use a little nookie. Thats what I need, a good piece of ass. He
rubbed his cock with the palm of his hand. Thats what he needed.
Irene had the rag on for a week and he couldnt even get some of the
old stuff. He drank his beer and smiled thinking of picking up a nice
lookin head and takin her home and layiner— Helen asked if she
could have something to eat. Im hungry. O for krists sake. Why do ya
always have ta bother me, trying to still think of the nice head he
would pick up, but the image faded quickly and he couldnt bring it
back to mind as he looked at Helen and listened to her. He buttered
her a piece of bread and slapped some jelly on it and handed it to
her. She walked away licking the jelly and when Arthur saw her eating
he started whining and Mike got mad as hell. Why dontya stay out here
and eat. Why do ya have ta break my balls all the time. Helen stared
at him for a minute then slowly started walking back to the kitchen,
but Arthur continued to whine. O K, O K goddamn it. Mike took the
bottle out of the crib and filled it with milk. Here, goddamn it. Now
shut up. Krist, I/ll be glad when Irene gets home so I can get you
kids off my back.

* * *
Irene didnt bother smiling at the customers when they
asked her questions. She just told them how much it was; no they

didnt have it in green;
and that will be 2cents tax; and she took money, gave change, dropped
articles in bags and handed them over the counter. Saturday was
always so busy. If it wasnt for all the crazy crowds on Saturday she
wouldnt even think of the days off. There was always so much to do at
home. That Mike wouldnt do anything. The bastard. By the time Tuesday
came she was glad to go to work. The job wasnt bad. Especially now
that she was used to it. It was just getting up in the morning. And
she had a few girl friends at work. But Saturdays were terrible. But
the day was more than half gone. And at least her period was over.
She didnt tell Mike, but she was a week late this time. She was sure
she was pregnant. That night the rubber broke. She was really
frightened. She didnt want another kid. Not now, anyway. But if she
did, whatthehell. She supposed Mike would get a job. If he really had
to. But that was a good night. The best they had in a long time.
Maybe theyd have another one like it tonight. She was always so horny
after her period. Mike might be drunk when she got home. He usually
was on Saturday. She hoped he wouldnt drink too much. At least not so
much he couldnt get it up. She wondered if Mike would get a job if
she was pregnant. O well, theyd get by somehow. It didnt make much
difference. Theres always Home Belief. But she didnt want to quit her
job. It was better than staying home. The kids get on your nerves
sometimes. If only she didnt have so much to do at home. She/d talk
to Mike about it again. When they were in bed tonight. She hoped he
wouldnt be too drunk.

* * *
Sal had been there for a while, having brought a
bottle and a bag of potato chips, just in case they got hungry,
hahaha. Mike took a couple of quick shots, chasing it with the
remainder of the beer, and he was feeling good. Arthur was quietly
playing in the crib and Helen didnt bother him anymore about going
out and was playing in her room coming out occasionally for a potato
chip and Mike smiled at her and patted her head and told her she was
a good girl. Sal had a few bucks and they figured theyd hit a few
joints tonight and see what they could pick up. After the first few.
shots they didnt drink too fast, not wanting to get too high, it was
too early yet, so they sat at the table sipping their whisky,
listening to the radio, waiting for Irene to come home so she could
take care of the kids; and waiting for night to come when they would
go out and have a ball and get some ass. Yeah!

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
PROJECT NEWSLETTER EVICTIONS
The following is a list of evictions from the Project
during the last two months:
Morals                                                        
7 Dirty
Housekeeping                                      
3 Non Payment of
Rent                                   
2
Criminal                                                       
9 Disturbing the
Peace                                      
4
Miscellaneous                                                
8 Be sure you do not break any of the Rules.
We want this Project to be a safe and Happy
place in which to live. Only you can help.
*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

THE LESSON
A couple of the kids were sparring with each other,
the others standing around forming a ring. They hit with open hands
and each time one scored all the kids yelled. One of the kids fathers
looked out the window and saw them and rushed from the building
yelling at the other kids to leave his son alone and yelling at his
son for fighting. The kids stared at him for a moment, not moving,
then the other kids said they wasnt fighting, they was just foolin
around. He was teachin Harold how to fight. The father grabbed his
son by the arm and yanked him to his side and slapped his head,
telling him he had been warned about fighting and hanging out with
those crummy kids. Dont you know we could be evicted if you get in
trouble? He pointed his finger at the other kid and told him to leave
his son alone, that if he caught him hitting his son again hed take a
strap to him. Harold stood pinned to his fathers side afraid to look
at him and ashamed to look at his friends. His father continued
yelling at the other kid and the kid told him again that they wasnt
fightin, that he was just teachin him how to box. The father
continued waving his finger in the boys face and told him he didnt
have to teach his Harold how to fight. I/ll teach him how to fight.
I/ll teach him how to kill, thats what I/ll do. Im not going to have
my son hit by lousy kids like you. If he wants to learn how to fight
I/ll showim. He started shaking Harold by the arm and told him if
ever those kids bothered him again to pick up a stick and bash in
their heads. Or a rock. The kids just stared at him until he stopped
and, dragging Harold by the arm, left. When the door closed behind
him another kid took Harolds place and the exhibition continued.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Abraham sat through the movies and the cartoons,
continually looking at his watch until he got involved in the movie.
One of the movies had a real bad cat who was shoot-in up everybody
and Abraham was greatly impressed by the way he had everybody in the
town shittin green until that bad bastard from Texas got on his ass
and burndim. Ol Abe knew that cat couldnt fuck around with that Texas
stud. He chuckled when the guy got his lumps at the end. When he left
the theater he walked quickly to the garage to pick up his Cadillac.
He looked it all over inside and out-and smiled when he saw the big
black body shining and the whitewalls gleaming. He paid the bill and
gave the stud a buck tip and jumped in and drove off. He drove around
for a while, just cruising around the streets, listening to the purr
of the motor, feeling the steering wheel in his hands, digging the
sounds on the radio. Even while driving he could see the whitewalls
and the bigass fins in the back and he felt good. Real great. He
drove past MELS BAR and stopped, honked the horn and waved to the
guys inside, then slowly drove home. He parked the car, but didnt
leave at once. He sat behind the wheel diggin the few cats who were
still washing their cars. He stepped forth from his Cadillac and went
home to lie down and rest for the night.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

WOMENS CHORUS III
The women finished their shopping, took the beer home
and returned to their bench. Mrs. Olson, who had had a stroke 2 years
ago when her husband died, came out and as she hobbled by the women
watched her and laughed. She leaned forward slightly as she walked
and dragged her right foot. She was unable to lower her right arm and
it was bent at the elbow and stretched across her chest, her hand
partially closed and jerking up and down. The women loved to watch
her, wondering if she picked up chewing gum and dog shit with her
right foot. She oughtta wear steel toe shoes. She probably got that
way from jerking her husband off. Laughter. Maybe thats what
killedim. One of the women looked up at a window on the fourth floor
then called the others and pointed to a baby that had crawled out the
window and was kneeling on the ledge. The women watched the baby as
it crawled around on the ledge and window sill. Maybe he thinks hes a
bird. Hey, ya gonna fly? Laughter. Others looked up and someone
screamed and someone else yelled get back, O my God, O my God. Ada
covered her lace with her hands. The women continued to laugh and
wonder when it would fall. People ran frantically in circles under
the window; someone ran up the stairs and banged on the door, but no
one answered. They banged again and listened at the door for a sound,
hearing something, a murmuring, yet still no answer. They ran back
down stairs and people asked if anyone was home? are you sure no one
was in? Heard something . . . maybe kids ... I dont know . . . what
can we do ... O my God . . . Hes moving ... I cant look . . . call
the cops . . . The people continued running in circles, some running
to the street looking for a police car; someone else had called the
Office and the women stopped laughing now that there were so many
people around, but still looked anxiously, waiting for the small body
to slowly slip over the edge of the ledge and fall down, down . . .
then plop on the ground or in a hedge; and Ada looked at the window
with every screech from the crowd, covering her eyes quickly after
each peek; and the baby rocked back and forth on the ledge and seemed
to be toppling and two men ran under the window to try to catch it
and others raised their arms (the women still hoping for a little
more excitement) and yelled go back—O my God—go back, and the
baby leaned forward a little more and seemed to be looking down at
the crowd and hysterical screechings came from them and the baby
leaned back and the crowd sighed and someone yelled for the cops,
theyre never here when you need them—O why dont they hurry; and
someone ran back upstairs and pounded on the door and yelled, still
no answer; and someone suggested lowering a rope from the window
above and have someone lowered; then 2 Housing Authority Policemen
came running up and yelled to the 2 men under the window to stay
there and they ran up the stairs and opened the door with a pass key,
rushing past the 3 children huddled by the door and into the room
where the baby knelt on the ledge, and stopped a few feet from the
window, then carefully and silently tiptoed the last few feet trying
not to draw the babys attention fearing it might turn and fall,
holding their breaths as one inched his arms out the window and
grabbed the baby by the arms and quickly jerked him inside . . . held
him for a moment . . . closed the window (the crowd still staring
(the women annoyed that it was all over and that the kid didnt fall)
then slowly lowering their eyes as the window was closed then slowly
walking away). Then the policemen carried the baby to the living room
and sat down, taking off their hats and wiping their foreheads.
Christ, that was a close one, his body starting to tremble. The other
nodded. The baby started to cry so they put him on the floor and he
crawled over to his brothers and sister. The children stared,
frightened, as the cops and the policemen smiled at them and asked
them where their mommy was. They continued to stare at the cops and
said nothing. Then one tottered over to them and asked if they really
was policemen? and they said yes and the boy laughed. They asked him
where his mommy was and he said out. Wheres your daddy. The youngster
laughed and said mommy says hes drunk and he clapped his hands,
laughing, and his sister added quickly that her daddy was gonna get a
job on the boats and bring home lots of food and get a t v. The other
2 boys said nothing, continuing to stare at the policemen. I guess
we/d better take them down to the office and call Welfare, eh Jim. I
guessso. I/ll see if I can get some clothes on them. He asked the
children where their clothes were and they showed him, saying nothing
and remaining silent as they were being dressed. As they were about
to leave the oldest boy, about 5 years old, asked them not to tell
their mommy what happened. She said not to let nobody in and if she
see somebody came in she/ll beatus. The cops reassured the children,
left a note stating where the children would be, and left.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
MARY STARED AT JOEYS HEAD WHEN VINNIE TOOK THE BOYS
HAT OFF. SEE, NOW HE LOOKS LIKE A BOY. NOT LIKE SOME GODDAMN SISSY.
MARY LOOKED AT JOEYS HEAD. YOU SONOFA-BITCH. LOOK WHAT YADID. WHATTA
YAMEAN WHAT I DID. I DIDNT DO NOTHIN. I TOOKIM FOR A HAIRCUT.
WHATSZAMATTA, YOU DONT LIKE THE HAIRCUT? YA SONOFABITCH, YA CUT ALL
HIS HAIR OFF. ALL THE NICE CURLS HE HAD, YA CUTEM ALL OFF. HE LOOKS
LIKE HES GOTTA BALDY. AW SHUT YAMOUT. YEAH? HE AINT GONNA TAKE NO
MORE HAIRCUTS, joey went to his room. YA STAY AWAY FROM ME YA
SONOFABITCH. YA TINK SO, EH? I/LL BREAK YA FUCKIN LEGS. GO AHEAD. GO
AHEAD. I/LL KILLYA. MEEE, SHES REALLY ASKIN FORIT. YEAH? YOULL SEE.
YOULL SEE. JUST TRY. I/LL CUTCH YAFUCKIN COCK OFF. WHOSE COCK YOULL
CUT OFF, EH? WHOSE? YA CRAZY FUCK I/LL BREAK YA FUCKIN LEGS. VINNIE
SHOOK HIS HAND IN MARYS FACE THEN TURNED AWAY AND SLAPPED HIS
FOREHEAD, MARONE AME, WHATTA IDIOT, AND WENT OUT TO THE KITCHEN AND
HEATED THE COFFEE. MARY WENT INTO THE KIDS ROOM AND PICKED JOEY UP,
HOLDING HIM AT ARMS LENGTH FROM HER AND A LITTLE OVER HER HEAD,
TURNING HIM TO LOOK AT ONE SIDE THEN THE OTHER. WHAT THEY DO TA MY
JOEY? THEY CUT ALL YA PRETTY CURLS OFF JOEY? YA FATHAS A STUPID. ALL
THOSE NICE CURLS AND YA LOOKED SO CUTE. JOEY STARTED TO SQUIRM AND
SQUINT SO MARY DROPPED HIM TO HIS FEET. I got a lollypop from the
man. WHATTAYA MEAN LOL-LYPOP? WHAT MAN? What cut my hair. I cried and
he gave me a lollypop. SHE STORMED OUT TO THE KITCHEN. WHATTA YAMEAN
GIVIN THE KID A LOLLYPOP, EH? WHATTA YAMEAN? WHATS AMATTA WITH A
LOLLYPOP? MEEE, YA THINK IT WAS GONNA KILLIM OR SOMETHIN. I TOLDYA I
DONT WANT THE KID TA HAVE NO LOLLYPOPS. WHATTA YA MEAN? WHATTA YAMEAN
NO LOLLYPOPS? ALL THE KIDS GOT LOLLYPOPS. WHY HE CANT HAVE ONE? I
SAID. A KID CAN CHOKE TA DEAT ON A LOLLYPOP YA STUPID BASTAD. DONT
YAKNOW NOTHIN? EVERYDAY SOME KID DIES FROM A LOLLYPOP. WHATTA YAWANT
FROM ME? THE KID WAS CRYIN SO THE GUY GIVEIM A LOLLYPOP. HE DIDNT DIE
DID HE? THE KID CRIED. THE KID CRIED. IF YADIDNT TAKEIM TA THE BARBAS
HE WOULDNTA CRIED. HE DIDNT WANT NO HAIRCUT. WHY DONT YALEAVE THE KID
ALONE? WHY DONT YASHUT UP, YEAH? THE KID TOOK A HAIRCUT O K. NOW HE
DONT LOOK LIKE NO CREEP. AND YA GIVEIM A LOLLYPOP LIKE A REAL JERK.
SUPPOSE HE HADDA DIED, EH? SUPPOSE HE DIED? WHAT KINDDA DIED. MEEE.
THIS FUCKIN BITCH IS CRAZY. HOWS HE GONNA DIE FROM A LOLLYPOP? HE
COULD SUCK IT RIGHT DOWN HIS THROAT AND ITD GET CAUGHT, YA FUCKIN
STUPID. MARONE AME, SHAKING HIS HAND IN FRONT OF HIM. YA SOME FUCKIN
NUT. YEAH? YA TINK SO, EH? JUST DONT COME TA BED THATS ALL. YA STAY
OUT HERE TANIGHT. I/LL SLEEP IN THE FUCKIN BED AND DONT YA TRY TA
TELL ME NOTHIN. joey and his brother played with plastic trains,
tooting and whisding as loud as they wanted. They were having a fine
lime. YEAH? JUST TRY IT. I/LL BREAK YA LEGS. I SWEAR TA JESUS. I/LL
BREAK YA FUCKIN LEGS.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
BABYS BURNED BODY BARED The
burned remains of an infant, judged to be about 10 days old, was
found in the incinerator of one of the Citys Housing Projects today.
George Hamilton, 27, of 37-08 Lapidary Avenue, a porter in the
Project, was cleaning out the ashes of the incinerator when he came
across the remains. He immediately notified the authorities. The
police investigating the incident think that the body must have been
dropped in the incinerator sometime during the night. The Housing
Authority expressed the opinion that the baby did not belong to any
of the tenants in the Project. The Police are canvassing the
neighborhood and the Project, but as yet no additional information
has been released by any of the Authorities involved. This is the
second body of a baby found in the Project this month.
*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

WOMENS CHORUS IV
The women sat back on the bench after the baby had
been taken safely from the ledge. It was fun while it lasted. Sure
was a shame the cops had ta come so soon. Maybe he really woulda
flyed. Laughter. Wait till the cops get on her ass, leavin the kids
alone like that. I guess theyll reporter to Relief. Yeah, itll server
right. I hope they kicker off. Boy, theyre really gettin tough on
Relief now. We had anotha inspector around yesterday. She looked at
the beer bottles and wanted ta know what they was doin here. Yeah,
they got some nerve. I toler some friends boughtem. They usually come
at the beginnin of the month and I get rid of all those things. Yeah,
theyre always nosen around. How come they come back so soon? The
inspector said someone had reported Charlie was workin. Thank krist
he was off yesterday. Aint he workin steady? What for? 2 days a weeks
enough. With Relief we make out good. The guy dont take no social
security or nothin, so they cant check up. Yeah, Henry gets a couple
a days a week like that too. I hope no investigator comes around when
hes workin. Charlie work today? No. Hes upstairs sleepin. Gettin
plenty a rest for tanight, eh? Laughter. Yeah I/ll give Henry a
couple a beers and he/ll be good for a while. Try puttin some Geritol
in his beer. I hear it puts the bone back in. The women continued
talking until they decided to go home and fix supper. They parted at
the entrance to the building hoping each other was lucky tonight then
went to their apartments and put the beer in the refrigerator, piled
the dishes from the day in the sink and started supper.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Ada remained on the bench as long as it was in the
sunshine. There were a few people walking about and a few children
still played, but all the other benches were vacant. She sat alone. A
few people had said hello and smiled, though none had sat and talked
with her. Yet it hadnt been too lonely a day. There were people
around, and children, and the sun was bright and warm. Sometimes on
days like this while the sun was still shining and the cool evening
breeze was just starting to blow she and Hymie would stand in front
of the store and watch the sun go down behind the building and watch
the people rushing home from work . . . and the cars and trucks along
the avenue . . . and it used to smell so nice and fresh, like sheets
that had been on the line all day, and then she would go inside and
fix supper and Hymie would eat his soup and smile . . . God bless
poor Hymie.

The sun had gone down behind the building and the
street lamps had been turned on. The breeze was cooler. Soon it would
be dark. Ada got up and slowly left her bench and climbed the stairs
to her apartment. She hung up her coat, closed all the windows then
stood by her window. There were still a few children in the
playground and she watched them, but soon the entire playground was
in shadows and they too left. Cars and trucks passed along the
avenue, but she ignored them and just watched the buses stop at the
corner and people get off and rush home. She couldnt see the sun set,
but she knew what it looked like and she imagined the purples, pinks,
reds, laying on each other and mixing, just as she used to see it and
as it looked in the picture puzzle she had of a ship on the ocean
with the sun setting, the puzzle she put together and took apart, and
put together again time after time after time all through the long
cold heartless winters . . . and even sometimes in the spring when it
rained for days and even looking from her window afforded no comfort.
It was getting dark fast now and it seemed very cold outside, the
trees barely visible from their shadows, the birds seeming to be
jumping for warmth. There was nothing much to see now, just an
occasional person rushing home, the cars and trucks which she
ignored, and the waving ovals of light cast by the street lamps. She
left her window and went to the kitchen. She fixed her supper and sat
down at the table, still conscious of the empty chair opposite her.
So long hes dead now and still it seems like yesterday we would sit
and Hy-mie would put a big piece of sweet butter on an onion roll.
She smiled remembering how much Hymie had loved onion rolls, and the
way he would spread the butter. God bless him, hes happy now. No more
suffering for him . . . only for me. She ate slowly and lightly then
sat for a few minutes remembering how Hymie and Ira used to kid her
because she took so long to eat. I could eat two times before youre
finished Momma. Thats what Ira would say. I could eat two times. And
all the cookies they sent Ira while he was in the Army. So many
cookies. How many did he ever eat? Maybe he was dead a long time and
we sent cookies. And he always wrote and said thanks Momma for the
cookies . . . Such a good boy, God bless my Ira . . . She went into
the bedroom, turned down the bed cover, laid out her nightgown and
Hymies pajamas and went into the living room to listen to the radio
for just a little while before going to bed.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Irene came home from work glad Saturday and her
period were over. She was hoping maybe Mike would go to the store for
supper, but she didnt expect it. But she didnt mind because she was
in a good mood and it was nice out. Especially after being in the
store all day. Before she opened the door she could hear the radio
and wasnt surprised when she did open the door to see Mike and Sal
sitting at the table drinking. She said hello and went straight to
the bedroom and threw her jacket on the bed, then picked up Helen who
had run after her. Helen told her everything she did and Irene oooood
and aaaaad and they both went in to see Arthur. She stayed with the
children a few minutes then came out and, smiling, asked Mike how he
was doing. Pretty good babe. Sal came over a little while ago and
weve had a few drinks, hahahaha. She smiled again and wondered if she
should ask him if Helen had been out. You want something to eat Sal?
Of course he does. Ya think he dont eat? Irene shrugged her
shoulders. I was just askin. How about gettin us a steak, handing her
some money and smiling at Sal, making sure he understood that he was
the boss in his house and just because Irene worked didnt mean he had
to take any shit. Go getus a steak babe. Irene went to get her
jacket, her good humor leaving her, feeling at that exact moment,
humorless, and ready any second to lose her temper. He could have at
least asked and not show off so damn much. She stopped in front of
the table and asked him, attempting a slight nonchalance, how come
Helen didnt have her overalls on? Didnt she go out today? No, she
didnt go out today. Why not? It was a beautiful day. Because I didnt
feel like trying ta find where ya hid her clothes. So what? not able
to return her stare and turning his head to look at Sal, increasing
the scowl on his face. Irene clenched her teeth and left the
apartment. The bastard. Wont go to the store; wont clean the house
(probably get too drunk tonight); wont even let the kid out. She
hustled from one store to the other, buying what she needed; rushed
home; prepared and served the meal in silence; Mike ignoring her,
feeling he had made his point with Sal; he and Sal leaving as soon as
the meal was over.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

THE DASHER
A young girl was waiting alone for a bus. She stood
smoking and looking down the street for the bus. She had to meet her
friends in a few minutes and she was late. She kept stepping off the
curb to look down the street. A car stopped a few feet from the curb
and the guy in the car yelled, can I takeya somewhere baby? The girl
looked at the car, then down the street, but no bus was coming.
Comeon, I/ll takeya where ya wanna go. She looked at the guy for a
minute wondering if he would take her to 5th avenue or if hed start
fuckin around. She thought she/d take a chance, hoping the guy
wouldnt kick her out when she said no. He yelled again and she
started to walk to the car when she saw the bus turn a corner 2
blocks away. She stepped back on the curb and turned her head. He
yelled again and she said, go on, beat it. He mumbled something and
she flipped her cigarette at the car and told him ta get the fuck
outtahere. The guy started the car and drove away, but stopped a few
hundred feet up the street and got out of the car. He whistled and
yelled at the girl and when she turned and yelled at him ta go screw
he opened his fly and took his cock out and waved it at her, still
yelling and whistling. She told him ta shove it up his ass and he
finally got back in his car and drove away. The young girl watched
the car go up the street then turned as the bus approached. What a
fuckin creep.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Nancy and the kids were still eating when Abraham got
up. She asked him did he want some supper and he said hell no. He
didnt want to eat none a her slop. He filled the tub and sat in the
water smoking a cigarette, gently rubbing himself with the soap with
his free hand, thinking of the brownskin gal and contemplating his
stiffened dick. After he finished his cigarette he lathered himself
up good, carefully and gently lathering his crotch so it would be
sure to smell sweet (kissen sweet, hehehe), then rinsed and dried
himself. Then he put deodorant under his arms and balls; massaged
skin cream into his face; splashed after shave lotion on his face,
neck and chest; rubbed pomade between the palms off his hands and
rubbed it on his hair, then spent 20 minutes combing it carefully and
adjusting his waves. Ghuddamn if he wasnt a sharp lookin stud. He
checked the back of his head with the small mirror then satisfied
that each wave was in its proper place he washed his hands and went
back to the bedroom to dress. He put on his new white on white shirt
with the Hollywood Roll collar and tied his silk lavendar and purple
tie in a large Windsor knot. He selected his brown suit, the one he
had made last year, and man its a sharpass suit. Put me back a 100
clams. He carefully adjusted the waist of his shirt before pulling
the thin belt tight. He put on the jacket, buttoned it and rolled the
lapels, fixed the handkerchief, and straightened out the things in
his pockets. Then he took down the cool tan top coat, checked his
shoes, put the coat on, then carefully placed his hat on his head.
Man, he was ready. He left the house and didnt stop till he opened
the door of his bigass Cadillac. He sat behind the wheel and pulled
the door closed, smiling as he heard the heavy thud of the door.
Sheeit. This is gonna be a night. I mean a night Jim . . .

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
WHATTA YAMEAN THE SAUCES NO GOOD? THATS WHAT I SAID,
THE SAUCES NO GOOD. WHATS THE MATTA, YA DONT UNDERSTAND ENGLISH? ITS
NO GOOD. NO GOOD, NO GOOD. WHATTA YAKNOW ABOUT SAUCE? MEEEE, WHATTA I
KNOW? I KNOW IT STINKS. NOT ENOUGH GARLIC. ITS GOT THE SAME GARLIC.
JUST LIKE ALWAYS. THE SAME 8

CLOVES OF GARLIC AND YA SAY NOT ENOUGH GARLIC. YUR A
FUCKIN DUMMY. ITS GOOD SAUCE. DONT TELL ME ITS NO GOOD. WHOSE A
FUCKIN DUMMY? EH? WHO? I/LL GIVEYA A RAP IN THE MOUT IM A DUMMY. YA
CANT EVEN MAKE A SAUCE. WHY DONTCHA EAT AND SHUT UP, YEAH? I DONT
LIKE THE SAUCE, BANGING HIS FORK DOWN ON THE TABLE AND SHAKING HIS
HAND IN MARYS FACE. ITS A FUCKIN IRISH SAUCE. NO GARLIC. NO GARLIC,
little ralphy picked up a string of spaghetti and dropped it on the
floor, joey picked it up and put it back on his plate, ralphy threw
another string down and joey picked it up. DONT TELL ME. THERES NOT
ENOUGH GARLIC. I LIKE GARLIC IN MY SAUCE. SO SHUT UP OR I/LL RAPYA
OVA THE HEAD. AAAA, WHATTAYAKNOW, EH? WHATTAYAKNOW? little ralphy
picked up a handful of spaghetti and threw it hitting joey in the
face, joey yelled to stop and slapped ralphys hand, ralphy yelled and
threw another handful in his face, joey hit ralphy with a handful . .
. GET ME ANOTHA MEATBALL. I CANT EAT THE MACARONI. YA CANT EAT, YA
CANT EAT? WHATTAYA, A KING OR SOMETHIN? YA CANT EAT. GET ME ANOTHA
MEAT BALL AND SHUTUP. WHATTSAMATTA YA CANT GET THE MEATBALL YASELF,
EH? WHATTA YAMEAN GET IT MYSELF? GET ME ANOTHA MEAT BALL OR I/LL
BREAK YALEG. AAAA, GETTING UP AND LADLING ANOTHER MEATBALL OUT OF THE
POT AND PLOPPING IT ON VINNIES PLATE. MAYBE I CAN EAT THIS. CANT EVEN
MAKE A SAUCE.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Lucy said little during the meal, just reminding
Johnny to eat from time to time and asking Louis to pass something.
Half way through the meal Robert decided he didnt want to eat any
more and Lucy forced food into his mouth in between feeding herself
and telling Johnny to eat. When she had finished she started clearing
the table, forcing the last bit of food on Roberts plate into his
mouth. Louis just left the table and turned on the t v. Johnny
started playing with his food and Lucy yelled at him sharply and
Johnny whined and started eating and Lucy told him to hushup and eat.
Louis felt like telling her to stop yellin, ghuddamn it, and rap her
side the head. Seemed like she was always yellin about somethin.
Especially on the weekends. He just stared at the t v thinking about
goin for a drive tomorrow ( maybe alone ), and hoping the next few
hours would pass fast. Lucy finally shoved the last spoonful of food
in Johnnys mouth then did the dishes, leaving the kitchen
occasionally to tell the children to be quiet (Louis squirming in his
chair), then finishing the dishes she put the children to bed and sat
in the living room, saying nothing, and watched t v. Louis turned to
her once in a while and made a comment about the show hoping to get
her in a good mood before they went to bed, but Lucy only grunted,
thinking how soon she would have to go to bed with him and it would
start like every weekend (and many week nights too) and just the
thought made her muscles tighten and her flesh get clammy. Lucy just
grunted so Louis figured the hell with it. Theyd be going to bed soon
and maybe tonight will be different.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

THE QUEUE
The Welfare checks were cashed and there were long
lines outside the Liquor Store across the street from the Project.
The owner had his 2 sons and a brother helping him as he did every
Saturday night. The store was in the middle of the street and the two
lines went out of sight around each corner, and the cop on the beat
stood near the entrance so a fight wouldnt start as people pushed
their way into the store. Yet even with the cop there there was much
pushing and cursing. The clerks in the store worked as fast as they
could and wrapped the bottles quickly, but still the lines were out
of sight around both corners. Those at the end of the line would step
out occasionally and look to the front wondering how much longer they
would have to wait and then finally they would turn the corner and
eventually they would come in sight of the lighted window and then
they could at least look at all the bottles on display and then the
time seemed to pass faster with their goal in sight. Someone tried to
get in ahead of time, but someone else pulled him out of the doorway
and an argument started and everyone yelled for them to clear the
front of the store so they could get in and the owner came out and
frantically yelled at them to stop (the people in the store becoming
nervous when the owner left the counter fearing something would
happen to prevent them from getting their bottles after having waited
on line for so many hours) and finally the cop came over and yanked
them both out and told them to beat it. They pleaded to be allowed to
get their bottles or at least to get on the end of the line (
offering the cop money ), but the cop refused (not wanting to louse
up the beautiful deal he had with the owner) and they finally walked
off, sneaking back and giving money to friends to get them a bottle.
Before the last customer was taken care of the clerks were soaked
with perspiration and completely knocked out, but soon the last few
customers were in the store. Many parties had already started and as
the last customers bought their bottles and walked happily toward
home the bells in a nearby church tolled midnight.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Abraham stepped into MELS
and stood by the door for a moment digging the scene, his hands in
his coat pockets, a coolass stud man, and every cat in the joint knew
it. He waved to his boys, hung up his hat and coat and went to the
bar, ordered a scotch and tossed a bill on the bar. He leaned
sideways against the bar and dug the scene. The bar was not too
crowded and the brownskinned gal wasnt there yet. He went in the back
and sat at a table and ordered some of those fine ribs that were so
great at MELS and sucked each rib dry then sat back sucking his teeth
and smoking. Man he felt great. He paid the check and went to the
bar, saw the brownskinned gal and went up to a cat he knew who was
standing near her. He patted the cat on the back, called the
bartender, give my man here a drink, ordered another scotch and
tossed a 20 dollar bill on the bar. Man that chickll have big eyes
now. He knew how to play it cool. Yeah, ol Abe was a cool ass stud.
He let his change lay on the bar and when he finished his drink he
ordered another and told the bartender to give the young lady a
drink. He smiled at her and when they got their drinks he slid over
next to her and told her his name was Abe. Ol honest Abe, hahaha.
Mahns Lucy. He asked her to dance and he winked at the cats at the
bar as they walked to the dance floor. Sheeit, nothin to it when you
operate like ol Abe. They danced and he told her she danced real
great and she must be new around here, he comes here all the time and
he never seen her before and she smiled and said yes she/d only been
here a few times before and they danced and drank and ol Abe smoothed
talked her and he was in and he told her he had a Cadillac, with
whitewalls and would she like something to eat and when you with ol
Abe you move and he knew this would be a great night and hed fuck the
ass of this bitch.

* * *
Nancy put the kids to bed and got out the bottle of
wine she stashed in the closet. She sat down and watched t v for a
while, taking slugs from the bottle, then went to bed and lay there
drinking, smoking and playing with her crotch. She wisht the fuckin
Abe would come home and lay her. The sonofabitch aint fucked me but
oncet in the last month and nobody else ever come around this house.
If she could get somebody to sit with the kids she could go out, but
she . couldnt get nobody. Sheeit. She was tired. Almost felt like
going to sleep. But it was too early yet. Still almost half a bottle
left too. She/d drink that first. Somebody might come around looking
for Abe. No sense in waiting for him though. He/ll be gone all night.
Sheeit. Ah need me some cock. She finished the bottle and threw it
down the incinerator then went back to bed and lay down, remembering
how big and hard Abes cock was and how it felt going in.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

THE WORSHIPPERS
A woman screeched hysterically, AH LOVESSIM, AH
LOVESIM and she rolled on the floor, beating the floor with her
fists. The people in the adjoining apartments listened, laughing.
COME DOWN! COME DOWN! and someone beat a drum, someone else pounded
on a table, OOOOOOO AH LOVESIM! AH DIE FORIM! and other voices
screeched and a roar came through the walls, the people on the other
side listening and laughing. OOOOO JESUS! JESUS! OOOOOO JESUS! and
the other voices roared a HAAAAL LAY LOOOOOO YAAAA! WE LOVESYA! O
JESUS! WE LOVESYA! and the beating of drums and table grew louder and
a voice moaned AH SINNED! AH SINNED! OOOOO LORD, AH SINNED! FORGIVE
ME LORD! another body fell to the floor and groveled and beat its
fists and the drummer beat frantically and the clanging of a pot
joined the drum and table and other bodies fell to the floor and they
rolled and beat and kicked and the voices screeched and boomed and
roared AH LOVESIM! AH LOVESIM! HAAAAL LAY LOOOOO YAAAA! OOOOO LORD!
LORD! HAAAAL LAY LOOOOO YAAAA-DA-DUMDADUMDADUMDADUMDADUM DADUM - WEES
YO CHILLEN LORD! O BLESS US LORD-AH SINNED! AH SINNED! FO GIVE ME
LORD! OOOOOOO LORD FOGIVE A MISERABLE SINNER! (ears pressed against
the wall, hands raised for silence, laughter)—AN JOSHYA TUMBLED THE
WALLS! OOOO JERICHO! O JERIICHO! -
BABUMBABUMBABUMBABUMBABUMBA-BUMBABUM - EEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAA - OOOO
MERCY! OOOOO MERCY! FOGIVE YO CHILREN LORD! FOGIVE WE SINNERS!-COME
DOWN! COME DOWN JESUSi-HAAAAL LAY LOOOOO YAAAA (a door was opened
slightly to hear better)—AH LOVESIM! AH LOVESIM-HAAAAL LAY LOOOOO
YAAAA-A MISERABLE SINNER-COME DOWN-OOOOOOOO-IN THE FIERY FURNACE - O
LORD! LORD! - DRRRRRR -COME DOWN-BLESSUS! BLESSUS!-JESUS! JESUS!
JESUS! JESUS! JESUS! JESUSi-HAL LAY LOOOOOOO YAAA! LORD-THE PEARLY
GATES-WE LOVESYA-COME DOWN-EEEEEEAAAAAA-O JESUS-BLESSUS-AH LOVESIM-YO
CHILREN-SINNERS-FOGIVE-AMEN!- AMEN LORD! AMEN! and the door was
closed.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

THE CONTEST
The street was quiet and a gang of young spades on
one corner started walking toward a gang of spicks on the other, each
gang ripping the aerials off the parked cars; some carrying rocks,
bottles, pipes, clubs. They stood a few feet apart in the middle of
the street calling each other black bastards and monkey mothafuckas.
A car came along the street, horn blowing, trying to pass, but they
didnt move and finally the car had to back out of the street. The few
people on the street ran. The gangs remained in the middle of the
street. Then someone threw a rock, then another was thrown and 30 or
40 kids were screaming, throwing bottles and rocks until there were
none left, then they ran at each other swinging clubs and whipping
the car aerials, cursing, screaming, someone crying in pain, a zip
gun being fired and a window breaking and people yelled from windows
and one of the kids went down and was kicked and stomped and knots of
kids formed, swinging, clubbing, kicking, yelling and a knife was
stuck in a back and another one went down and a cheek was cut to the
mouth with an aerial and the ragged flesh of the cut cheek flapped
against the bloodied teeth and a skull was opened with a club and
another window was broken with a rock and a few tried to drag another
away as three pairs of feet kicked at his head and a nose was smashed
with a pair of brass knuckles and then a siren was heard above the
yelling and suddenly, for a fraction of a second, everyone stood
still then turned and ran, leaving three lying on the street. The
cops came and people came back to the street and the cops kept them
back, asking questions and finally the ambulance came and two were
helped in the ambulance the third being carried. Then the ambulance
left, the cops left, and it was quiet once again.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
As soon as they got in the door the guy grabbed her
ass. Goddamnit, cant yawait, pushing him away. She staggered and
leaned against the wall, the guy leaning over her kissing her neck as
she yanked open a closet door looking for a bottle, then slammed it
shut when no bottle could be found. She looked around trying to
figure out what was wrong. Somethin was wrong. Maybe her husband came
home. She called. Called again and still no answer. She pushed the
guy away and staggered into the bedroom to see if he was there, but
he wasnt. Guess he aint here. Somethin sure as hells wrong. Then she
remembered her kids. They should be here. She looked in their room
and called, but they were gone. Shit, whered them little bastads go.
I toldem ta stay put. She went back to the kitchen, the guy still
behind her pulling her coat off and grabbing her ass. She looked
around the kitchen and the living room, reaching behind her and
bouncing the guys balls with her fingertips, the guy slobbering over
her, groping and mumbling. Finally she saw the note left by the
Police. Well, fuckem then. They can stay the night. She went back to
the bedroom, the guy behind her. They undressed, fell onto the bed
and fucked.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Mike and Sal made the rounds of a few joints, but
couldnt score. They had danced with a couple a broads, but nothing
else. Not even a phone number or a date for the next weekend. Sal
wanted to try a spick joint on Columbia street, but Mike didnt feel
like walking that far and anyway he didnt trust the spicks. So they
stood at the bar drinking, hoping something might come in that they
could latch on to, getting drunker. Mike laughed at Sal and toldim he
could go home and get laid and Sal had to pull his prick. Sal laughed
and said that was o k, hed rather pull his prick than take care of a
couple a kids all day. Thats o k man, at least I get mine. They had
another drink and Mike was getting tired of hanging around, and was
too goddamn horny to wait any longer. He told Sal he was gonna leave
and asked him if he was goin. No, I think I/ll hang around a while.
Nothin ta do home. Mike told him not ta pull it too much, he was goin
home ta get laid (and by krist he was, rag or no rag). The apartment
was dark and Mike let the door bang then stumbled toward the bedroom,
cursing the fuckin chairs for bein in his way. Irene woke when Mike
came in and listened for a moment to hear if the kids woke up, then
waited for Mike. She said hello and he flopped on the bed and started
undressing, throwing his clothes onto a chair. You still awake? You
woke me up when you came in. What-id ya want me ta do, crawl through
the key hole, determined he wouldnt take any shit off her tonight and
if she said a word hed knocker teeth in. I didnt say anything Mike.
Comeon, come to bed. He finished undressing and flopped over toward
her and she put her arms around him. He tried to kiss her, but he
missed her mouth and kissed her nose and mumbled something about her
staying still and she finally directed him properly and she kissed
him and Mike fumbled around for her crotch and they kissed and Irene
ran her hand along the inside of his thigh and Mike squirmed and
grabbed her crotch and they continued kissing and squirming and Irene
worked steadily and expertly with her hands and tongue, but after 15
minutes Mike still couldnt get a hardon so he cursed and rolled over
on her and tried to get it in anyway, but it kept bending and
flopping out and he tried to stuff it in with his finger but it was
useless and Mike cursed her for a useless bitch, still trying, still
stuffing, until he eventually passed out and rolled off her. Irene
pulled her arm from around him and sat up looking at him, listening
to him breathe, smelling his breath . . . Then she laid down and
stared at the ceiling.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Naturally Lucy smiled demurely when Abe asked her if
she/d like to cut and asked where theyd go and ol Abe said theyd make
a party of their own and Lucy hesitated and ol Abe turned the sweet
talk on that chick and told her, come-on baby, we/11 have a time and
he giver the BIG smile and she started to waver and ol Abe knew, as
he had known all along, that he would make another conquest. Sheeeit,
theres no bitch livin that ol Abe couldnt fuck. They left MELS and
Abe let her look his Cadillac over before he opened the door. He
wanted to be sure she saw those bigass fins and the whitewalls. Abe
flipped on the radio and handed her a cigarette and they took off.
They drove downtown and stopped at a hotel and when they got up to
the room ol Abe tipped the boy big and asked for a bottle of whisky
and some ice. He came back with it in a few minutes and by the time
Abe poured the drinks Lucy was undressed and in bed. Ol Abe stared at
those fine tits and set the drinks down and undressed. As he rolled
over on her the first time he smiled thinking how hed have that bitch
callin him DADDYO before that night was ovuh. After fucking her once
Abe wanted to have a drink and a smoke, but Lucy wasnt the type of
girl who believed in rest periods so ol Abe sunk it again and this
time he really concentrated on his work, but he didnt have his drink
and smoke until he had fucked her 3 times and by then ol Abe was even
thinking of a little sleep. Not much, just a little. Lucy finally
gulped her drink down and put out her cigarette and rolled over on
Abe and though he was a little beat he did justice to the girl, but
he was thinking hed have to stop for a while. After the fourth piece
they did stop for a while, but Lucy wouldnt let him sleep,
continually playing with his ear, kissing his neck, caressing his
balls, playing with his cock until it was hard and then she pulled
him over again an ol Abe fucked, but he wasnt concentrating too hard
and was thinking that the ghuddamn bitched fuckim ta death.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Most of the parties in the Project were over and the
only lights lit were in those apartments where pay-parties where
being thrown where the guests played cards and dice and the host cut
the game and supplied beer at 35cents a can, gin at 60cents a shot,
wine at 30cents a glass, sandwiches 50cents each and a real fine
chicken dinner with rice and yams for a buck and a half. Occasionally
someone got too drunk and accused someone else of cheating and
started an argument or pulled a knife, but the host was always fast
and cooled the scene with a quick rap on the head with a small club
and so no real disturbances occurred. The rest of the Project was
dark and quiet, the only noise caused by a passing drunk or someone
being mugged, the victim, when regaining consciousness, usually
yelling like hell for the cops, but this didnt happen more than once
or twice on a weekend night and bothered no one. VINNIE AND MARY HAD
STOPPED ARGUING, VINNIE FINALLY PULLING HER LEGS APART AND GETTING A
PIECE BEFORE GOING TO SLEEP, AND THEY ROLLED NOISILY IN THE BED, THE
SPRINGS SQUEAKING AS THEY SLEPT UNDER THE PICTURE OF THE BLESSED
MOTHER; Lucy and Louis had been asleep for hours, their backs to each
other, her body still stiff and tense, Louis grumbling in his sleep;
Mike rolled and grumbled drunkenly, but Irene eventually fell asleep;
Ada slept, after kissing Hymies and Iras pictures, with one hand
touching the pajamas on the other side of the bed; and Nancy dropped
off with her clothes still on and her hand still on her crotch; and
even ol Abe was eventually allowed to sleep for a while.

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
Abe was dragged from sleep with the hardening of his
prick. He had trouble focusing his eyes and could feel something
brushing lightly against his thighs and stomach. He raised his head
slightly and could see the fine nipples of Lucys tits caressing him
as she sucked his cock. When she saw his head move she got up and sat
on his dick and rotated, smiling at Abe, his eyes opening wider with
each gyration. She sat on it grinding away and leaned over and took
two cigarettes from the table, stuck one in her mouth and one in
Abes, then lit them. You want a drink daddyo. Abe shook his head,
moving automatically in perfect time and rhythm with her grinding. He
took a few drags of the cigarette then put it out and started to fuck
with concentration . . .

*  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * 
*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
The sun rose behind the Gowanus Parkway lighting the
oil filmed water of the Gowanus Canal and the red bricks of the
Project. Church bells announced the beginning of services. Ada looked
out her window for a while before starting breakfast; Louis got up
planning on getting out as early as possible, alone, and going for a
ride; Irene woke up before Mike and laid in bed listening to him
grumble and wondering how he would feel when he woke up; VINNIE GOT
UP FIRST AND YELLED FOR THE KIDS TA KEEP QUIET, YEAH? AND DRAGGED
MARY RY THE ARM ACROSS THE RED AND TOLDER TA GET UP: Nancy woke,
scratched her crotch then smelled her finger and yelled for the kids
to shutup. When ol Abe got home the kids were sitting at the table
yelling and eating and he told them to be quiet, he wanted to sleep
and went into the bedroom, staggering slightly, his eyes red and
barely open. He carefully took off his clothes and hung them up, put
on his hairnet and went to bed. Nancy came in and lay down beside him
and started tickling his asshole. He shoved her away, laughing at
her, and told her to get the fuck out and leave him alone. She told
him she werent goin, that she was gonna have some cock and he
backhanded her across the face and toler ta go get a banana and she
called him a noaccount-blackniggabastard and he punched her in the
motherfuckin face, knocking her off the bed, and toler ta get her ass
outta there or I/ll bust ya apart woman, and rolled her out of the
room. She crawled out to the kitchen and pulled herself up, holding
onto the edge of the sink, still yelling he was a blackniggabastard,
then let cold water run over her head. Her daughter came over to help
her and Nancy continued yelling and then the frustration started her
crying and her daughter told her not to cry, Jesus loves us Mommy.
Nancy told her to get the fuck away from her.

Abraham slept.   








